(S
(Sil
(Silen
(Silence
(Silence)
Jo
Josi
Josie:
Josie: I
Josie: I n
Josie: I nev
Josie: I never
Josie: I never a
Josie: I never app
Josie: I never appre
Josie: I never appreci
Josie: I never appreciat
Josie: I never appreciated
Josie: I never appreciated t
Josie: I never appreciated the
ni
nigh
Josie: I never appreciated the
night
night sk
Josie: I never appreciated the
night sky
night sky un
Josie: I never appreciated the
night sky unti
night sky until
Josie: I never appreciated the
night sky until it
night sky until it w
Josie: I never appreciated the
night sky until it was
night sky until it was g
Josie: I never appreciated the
night sky until it was gon
night sky until it was gone.
Bu
But
night sky until it was gone.
But af
But afte
night sky until it was gone.
But after
But after ni
night sky until it was gone.
But after nine
But after nine l
night sky until it was gone.
But after nine lon
But after nine long
night sky until it was gone.
But after nine long ye
But after nine long year
night sky until it was gone.
But after nine long years
ca
came
But after nine long years
came N
came New
But after nine long years
came New E
came New Ede
But after nine long years
came New Eden.
An
And
came New Eden.
And I
And I re
came New Eden.
And I real
And I realiz
came New Eden.
And I realized
And I realized t
came New Eden.
And I realized the
And I realized the s
came New Eden.
And I realized the sta
And I realized the stars
came New Eden.
And I realized the stars w
And I realized the stars wer
came New Eden.
And I realized the stars were
al
alwa
And I realized the stars were
always
always t
And I realized the stars were
always the
always there
And I realized the stars were
always there,
always there, I
And I realized the stars were
always there, I ju
always there, I just
And I realized the stars were
always there, I just c
always there, I just cou
And I realized the stars were
always there, I just could
always there, I just couldn'
And I realized the stars were
always there, I just couldn't
se
see
always there, I just couldn't
see th
see them
always there, I just couldn't
see them.
If
If I
see them.
If I h
If I had
see them.
If I had,
If I had, I
see them.
If I had, I wo
If I had, I woul
see them.
If I had, I would
If I had, I would ha
see them.
If I had, I would have
If I had, I would have s
see them.
If I had, I would have see
If I had, I would have seen
th
the
If I had, I would have seen
the No
the Nort
If I had, I would have seen
the North
the North St
If I had, I would have seen
the North Star
the North Star.
Th
Ther
the North Star.
There'
There's
the North Star.
There's a
There's a be
the North Star.
There's a beau
There's a beauty
the North Star.
There's a beauty k
There's a beauty kno
the North Star.
There's a beauty knowi
There's a beauty knowing
the North Star.
There's a beauty knowing t
There's a beauty knowing tha
the North Star.
There's a beauty knowing that
an
anyo
There's a beauty knowing that
anyone
anyone,
There's a beauty knowing that
anyone, an
anyone, anyw
There's a beauty knowing that
anyone, anywhe
anyone, anywhere
There's a beauty knowing that
anyone, anywhere c
anyone, anywhere can
There's a beauty knowing that
anyone, anywhere can s
anyone, anywhere can see
it
it a
anyone, anywhere can see
it and
it and f
anyone, anywhere can see
it and fin
it and find
anyone, anywhere can see
it and find tr
it and find true
anyone, anywhere can see
it and find true N
it and find true Nor
anyone, anywhere can see
it and find true North
it and find true North.
(Muffled shouting)
♪
S
San
Santi
Santiag
Santiago:
Santiago: H
Santiago: How
Santiago: How b
Santiago: How bad
Santiago: How bad i
Santiago: How bad is
Santiago: How bad is it
Santiago: How bad is it?
J
Jos
Santiago: How bad is it?
Josie
Josie:
Santiago: How bad is it?
Josie: Sa
Josie: Save
Santiago: How bad is it?
Josie: Save y
Josie: Save you
Santiago: How bad is it?
Josie: Save your
Josie: Save your st
Santiago: How bad is it?
Josie: Save your stre
Josie: Save your streng
Santiago: How bad is it?
Josie: Save your strength
Josie: Save your strength--
Ge
Get
Josie: Save your strength--
Get so
Get some
Josie: Save your strength--
Get some r
Get some rag
Josie: Save your strength--
Get some rags,
Get some rags, w
Josie: Save your strength--
Get some rags, we
Get some rags, we ne
Josie: Save your strength--
Get some rags, we need
Get some rags, we need t
Josie: Save your strength--
Get some rags, we need to
Get some rags, we need to st
Josie: Save your strength--
Get some rags, we need to stop
th
the
Get some rags, we need to stop
the bl
the blee
Get some rags, we need to stop
the bleedi
the bleeding
Get some rags, we need to stop
the bleeding..
the bleeding...
Get some rags, we need to stop
the bleeding... Ok
the bleeding... Okay
Get some rags, we need to stop
the bleeding... Okay.
Co
Comp
the bleeding... Okay.
Compre
Compress
the bleeding... Okay.
Compress t
Compress the
the bleeding... Okay.
Compress the w
Compress the wou
the bleeding... Okay.
Compress the wound
Compress the wound l
the bleeding... Okay.
Compress the wound lik
Compress the wound like
the bleeding... Okay.
Compress the wound like th
Compress the wound like this
the bleeding... Okay.
Compress the wound like this.
Uh
Uh-h
Compress the wound like this.
Uh-huh
Uh-huh.
Za
Zach
Uh-huh.
Zachar
Zacharia
Uh-huh.
Zachariah,
Zachariah, w
Uh-huh.
Zachariah, we
Zachariah, we ne
Uh-huh.
Zachariah, we need
Zachariah, we need s
Uh-huh.
Zachariah, we need som
Zachariah, we need some
Uh-huh.
Zachariah, we need some al
Zachariah, we need some alco
Uh-huh.
Zachariah, we need some alcoho
Zachariah, we need some alcohol!
As
As m
Zachariah, we need some alcohol!
As muc
As much
Zachariah, we need some alcohol!
As much as
As much as y
Zachariah, we need some alcohol!
As much as you
As much as you'v
Zachariah, we need some alcohol!
As much as you've
As much as you've go
Zachariah, we need some alcohol!
As much as you've got.
G
Got
As much as you've got.
Got i
Got it,
As much as you've got.
Got it, g
Got it, got
As much as you've got.
Got it, got i
Got it, got it.
O
Oka
Got it, got it.
Okay.
He
Hey.
Okay.
Hey...
Hey... H
Okay.
Hey... Hey
Hey... Hey,
Okay.
Hey... Hey, bu
Hey... Hey, budd
Okay.
Hey... Hey, buddy.
Do
Do y
Hey... Hey, buddy.
Do you
Do you k
Hey... Hey, buddy.
Do you kno
Do you know
Hey... Hey, buddy.
Do you know ho
Do you know how
Hey... Hey, buddy.
Do you know how to
Do you know how to p
Hey... Hey, buddy.
Do you know how to pla
Do you know how to play
hi
hide
Do you know how to play
hide a
hide and
Do you know how to play
hide and s
hide and see
Do you know how to play
hide and seek?
hide and seek? Y
Do you know how to play
hide and seek? Yea
hide and seek? Yeah?
Le
Let'
hide and seek? Yeah?
Let's
Let's pl
hide and seek? Yeah?
Let's play
Let's play h
hide and seek? Yeah?
Let's play hid
Let's play hide
hide and seek? Yeah?
Let's play hide an
Let's play hide and
hide and seek? Yeah?
Let's play hide and se
Let's play hide and seek
hide and seek? Yeah?
Let's play hide and seek,
Let's play hide and seek, ok
hide and seek? Yeah?
Let's play hide and seek, okay
Let's play hide and seek, okay?
Yo
You
Let's play hide and seek, okay?
You go
You go h
Let's play hide and seek, okay?
You go hid
You go hide
Let's play hide and seek, okay?
You go hide an
You go hide and
Let's play hide and seek, okay?
You go hide and I'
You go hide and I'm
Let's play hide and seek, okay?
You go hide and I'm go
You go hide and I'm goin
Let's play hide and seek, okay?
You go hide and I'm going
You go hide and I'm going to
co
come
You go hide and I'm going to
come f
come fin
You go hide and I'm going to
come find
come find yo
You go hide and I'm going to
come find you,
come find you, o
You go hide and I'm going to
come find you, oka
come find you, okay?
Al
Alri
come find you, okay?
Alrigh
Alright.
come find you, okay?
Alright. G
Alright. Go,
come find you, okay?
Alright. Go, g
Alright. Go, go,
come find you, okay?
Alright. Go, go, g
Alright. Go, go, go.
I'
I'm
Alright. Go, go, go.
I'm co
I'm coun
Alright. Go, go, go.
I'm counti
I'm counting
Alright. Go, go, go.
I'm counting.
On
One,
I'm counting.
One, t
One, two
I'm counting.
One, two,
One, two, th
I'm counting.
One, two, thre
One, two, three,
I'm counting.
One, two, three, f
One, two, three, fou
I'm counting.
One, two, three, four,
One, two, three, four, f
I'm counting.
One, two, three, four, fiv
One, two, three, four, five.
I'm counting.
One, two, three, four, five...
(A
(All
One, two, three, four, five...
(All g
(All gru
One, two, three, four, five...
(All grunt
(All gruntin
One, two, three, four, five...
(All grunting)
L
Lay
(All grunting)
Layto
Layton:
(All grunting)
Layton: H
Layton: How
(All grunting)
Layton: How's
Layton: How's h
(All grunting)
Layton: How's he
Layton: How's he do
(All grunting)
Layton: How's he doin
Layton: How's he doing?
J
Jos
Layton: How's he doing?
Josie
Josie:
Layton: How's he doing?
Josie: Ye
Josie: Yeah
Layton: How's he doing?
Josie: Yeah.
Josie: Yeah. Ye
Layton: How's he doing?
Josie: Yeah. Yeah
Josie: Yeah. Yeah.
Layton: How's he doing?
Josie: Yeah. Yeah. I
Josie: Yeah. Yeah. I th
Layton: How's he doing?
Josie: Yeah. Yeah. I thin
Josie: Yeah. Yeah. I think
he
he's
Josie: Yeah. Yeah. I think
he's g
he's goi
Josie: Yeah. Yeah. I think
he's going
he's going t
Josie: Yeah. Yeah. I think
he's going to
he's going to ma
Josie: Yeah. Yeah. I think
he's going to make
he's going to make i
Josie: Yeah. Yeah. I think
he's going to make it.
L
Lay
he's going to make it.
Layto
Layton:
he's going to make it.
Layton: S
Layton: See
he's going to make it.
Layton: See,
Layton: See, it
he's going to make it.
Layton: See, it's
Layton: See, it's g
he's going to make it.
Layton: See, it's goi
Layton: See, it's going
to
to b
Layton: See, it's going
to be
to be al
Layton: See, it's going
to be all
to be all ri
Layton: See, it's going
to be all righ
to be all right.
H
Her
to be all right.
Here
Here yo
to be all right.
Here you
Here you go
to be all right.
Here you go.
Th
Than
Here you go.
Thank
Thank yo
Here you go.
Thank you
Thank you fo
Here you go.
Thank you for
Thank you for di
Here you go.
Thank you for dist
Thank you for distra
Here you go.
Thank you for distract
Thank you for distractin
Here you go.
Thank you for distracting
Thank you for distracting Mi
Here you go.
Thank you for distracting Mile
Thank you for distracting Miles.
J
Jus
Thank you for distracting Miles.
Just
Just di
Thank you for distracting Miles.
Just didn
Just didn't
Thank you for distracting Miles.
Just didn't w
Just didn't wan
Thank you for distracting Miles.
Just didn't want
Just didn't want hi
Thank you for distracting Miles.
Just didn't want him
gr
grow
Just didn't want him
growin
growing
Just didn't want him
growing up
growing up t
Just didn't want him
growing up thi
growing up think
Just didn't want him
growing up thinkin
growing up thinking
Just didn't want him
growing up thinking th
growing up thinking this
Just didn't want him
growing up thinking this i
growing up thinking this is
al
all
growing up thinking this is
all th
all ther
growing up thinking this is
all there
all there is
growing up thinking this is
all there is.
A
And
all there is.
Andre
Andre L
all there is.
Andre Lay
Andre Layto
all there is.
Andre Layton.
Ev
Ever
Andre Layton.
Ever t
Ever the
Andre Layton.
Ever the o
Ever the opt
Andre Layton.
Ever the optim
Ever the optimis
Andre Layton.
Ever the optimist.
(S
(Sho
Ever the optimist.
(Shout
(Shoutin
Ever the optimist.
(Shouting)
♪
Jo
Josi
Josie:
Josie: I
Josie: If
Josie: If on
Josie: If only
Josie: If only w
Josie: If only we
Josie: If only we re
Josie: If only we rema
Josie: If only we remain
Josie: If only we remained
Josie: If only we remained a
Josie: If only we remained as
co
cons
Josie: If only we remained as
consta
constant
Josie: If only we remained as
constant a
constant as
Josie: If only we remained as
constant as th
constant as the
Josie: If only we remained as
constant as the ni
constant as the nigh
Josie: If only we remained as
constant as the night
constant as the night sk
Josie: If only we remained as
constant as the night sky.
constant as the night sky...
♪
L
Lay
Layto
Layton:
Layton: I
Layton: If
Layton: If ou
Layton: If our
Layton: If our ti
Layton: If our time
Layton: If our time o
Layton: If our time on
Layton: If our time on th
Layton: If our time on the
Pi
Pira
Layton: If our time on the
Pirate
Pirate T
Layton: If our time on the
Pirate Tra
Pirate Train
Layton: If our time on the
Pirate Train t
Pirate Train tau
Layton: If our time on the
Pirate Train taugh
Pirate Train taught
Layton: If our time on the
Pirate Train taught us
Pirate Train taught us a
Layton: If our time on the
Pirate Train taught us any
Pirate Train taught us anyth
Layton: If our time on the
Pirate Train taught us anythin
Pirate Train taught us anything,
it
it's
Pirate Train taught us anything,
it's t
it's tha
Pirate Train taught us anything,
it's that
it's that we
Pirate Train taught us anything,
it's that we c
it's that we can
Pirate Train taught us anything,
it's that we can't
it's that we can't l
Pirate Train taught us anything,
it's that we can't let
'e
'em
it's that we can't let
'em se
'em see
it's that we can't let
'em see us
'em see us c
it's that we can't let
'em see us com
'em see us comin
it's that we can't let
'em see us coming.
So
So w
'em see us coming.
So we
So we go
'em see us coming.
So we go d
So we go dar
'em see us coming.
So we go dark,
So we go dark, w
'em see us coming.
So we go dark, we
So we go dark, we ap
'em see us coming.
So we go dark, we appr
So we go dark, we approa
'em see us coming.
So we go dark, we approach
in
in t
So we go dark, we approach
in the
in the d
So we go dark, we approach
in the dea
in the dead
So we go dark, we approach
in the dead of
in the dead of n
So we go dark, we approach
in the dead of nig
in the dead of night
So we go dark, we approach
in the dead of night.
We
We c
in the dead of night.
We can
We can o
in the dead of night.
We can ove
We can overl
in the dead of night.
We can overloa
We can overload
in the dead of night.
We can overload Sn
We can overload Snow
in the dead of night.
We can overload Snowpi
We can overload Snowpier
in the dead of night.
We can overload Snowpierce
We can overload Snowpiercer'
in the dead of night.
We can overload Snowpiercer's
co
coup
We can overload Snowpiercer's
coupli
coupling
We can overload Snowpiercer's
coupling.
Th
That
coupling.
That w
That wil
coupling.
That will
That will al
coupling.
That will allo
That will allow
coupling.
That will allow us
That will allow us t
coupling.
That will allow us to
That will allow us to do
coupling.
That will allow us to dock
That will allow us to dock a
coupling.
That will allow us to dock and
bo
boar
That will allow us to dock and
board
board wi
That will allow us to dock and
board with
board withou
That will allow us to dock and
board without
board without be
That will allow us to dock and
board without bein
board without being
That will allow us to dock and
board without being de
board without being dete
That will allow us to dock and
board without being detect
board without being detected
That will allow us to dock and
board without being detected.
On
Once
board without being detected.
Once w
Once we
board without being detected.
Once we hi
Once we hit
board without being detected.
Once we hit th
Once we hit the
board without being detected.
Once we hit the su
Once we hit the subt
board without being detected.
Once we hit the subtra
Once we hit the subtrain
board without being detected.
Once we hit the subtrain w
Once we hit the subtrain we
sh
shou
Once we hit the subtrain we
should
should h
Once we hit the subtrain we
should hav
should have
Once we hit the subtrain we
should have al
should have all
Once we hit the subtrain we
should have all th
should have all the
Once we hit the subtrain we
should have all the co
should have all the cove
Once we hit the subtrain we
should have all the cover
should have all the cover we
ne
need
should have all the cover we
need t
need to
should have all the cover we
need to lo
need to loca
should have all the cover we
need to locate
need to locate L
should have all the cover we
need to locate Lia
need to locate Liana
should have all the cover we
need to locate Liana a
need to locate Liana and
should have all the cover we
need to locate Liana and g
need to locate Liana and get
should have all the cover we
need to locate Liana and get o
need to locate Liana and get out
wi
with
need to locate Liana and get out
withou
without
need to locate Liana and get out
without th
without them
need to locate Liana and get out
without them s
without them see
need to locate Liana and get out
without them seein
without them seeing
need to locate Liana and get out
without them seeing us
without them seeing us.
If
If w
without them seeing us.
If we
If we do
without them seeing us.
If we do t
If we do thi
without them seeing us.
If we do this
If we do this ri
without them seeing us.
If we do this righ
If we do this right,
without them seeing us.
If we do this right, t
If we do this right, the
without them seeing us.
If we do this right, the A
If we do this right, the Adm
without them seeing us.
If we do this right, the Admir
If we do this right, the Admiral
wo
won'
If we do this right, the Admiral
won't
won't kn
If we do this right, the Admiral
won't know
won't know w
If we do this right, the Admiral
won't know wha
won't know what
If we do this right, the Admiral
won't know what hi
won't know what hit
If we do this right, the Admiral
won't know what hit th
won't know what hit them
If we do this right, the Admiral
won't know what hit them.
R
Rut
won't know what hit them.
Ruth:
Ruth: A
won't know what hit them.
Ruth: Ass
Ruth: Assum
won't know what hit them.
Ruth: Assumin
Ruth: Assuming
won't know what hit them.
Ruth: Assuming al
Ruth: Assuming all
won't know what hit them.
Ruth: Assuming all go
Ruth: Assuming all goes
ac
acco
Ruth: Assuming all goes
accord
accordin
Ruth: Assuming all goes
according
according to
Ruth: Assuming all goes
according to p
according to pla
Ruth: Assuming all goes
according to plan.
In
In t
according to plan.
In the
In the e
according to plan.
In the eve
In the event
according to plan.
In the event w
In the event we
according to plan.
In the event we lo
In the event we lose
th
the
In the event we lose
the el
the elem
In the event we lose
the elemen
the element
In the event we lose
the element of
the element of s
In the event we lose
the element of sur
the element of surpr
In the event we lose
the element of surpris
the element of surprise?
L
Lay
the element of surprise?
Layto
Layton:
the element of surprise?
Layton: T
Layton: The
the element of surprise?
Layton: They
Layton: They wa
the element of surprise?
Layton: They want
Layton: They want t
the element of surprise?
Layton: They want to
pi
pick
Layton: They want to
pick a
pick a f
Layton: They want to
pick a fig
pick a fight
Layton: They want to
pick a fight?
On
On o
pick a fight?
On our
On our t
pick a fight?
On our tra
On our train
pick a fight?
On our train?
Z
Z-W
On our train?
Z-Wre
Z-Wreck
On our train?
Z-Wreck:
Z-Wreck: Sh
On our train?
Z-Wreck: Shit
Z-Wreck: Shit..
On our train?
Z-Wreck: Shit...
Th
They
Z-Wreck: Shit...
They'r
They're
Z-Wreck: Shit...
They're we
They're welc
Z-Wreck: Shit...
They're welcom
They're welcome
Z-Wreck: Shit...
They're welcome to
They're welcome to t
Z-Wreck: Shit...
They're welcome to try
They're welcome to try.
I
I a
They're welcome to try.
I adm
I admir
They're welcome to try.
I admire
I admire th
They're welcome to try.
I admire the
I admire the sp
They're welcome to try.
I admire the spir
I admire the spirit
They're welcome to try.
I admire the spirit,
bu
but
I admire the spirit,
but we
but we'r
I admire the spirit,
but we're
but we're no
I admire the spirit,
but we're not
but we're not ta
I admire the spirit,
but we're not talk
but we're not talkin
I admire the spirit,
but we're not talking
ab
abou
but we're not talking
about
about Ja
but we're not talking
about Jack
about Jackbo
but we're not talking
about Jackboot
about Jackboots
but we're not talking
about Jackboots he
about Jackboots here
but we're not talking
about Jackboots here.
Yo
You
about Jackboots here.
You he
You hear
about Jackboots here.
You heard
You heard wh
about Jackboots here.
You heard what
You heard what A
about Jackboots here.
You heard what Aud
You heard what Audre
about Jackboots here.
You heard what Audrey
You heard what Audrey sa
about Jackboots here.
You heard what Audrey said
You heard what Audrey said,
th
this
You heard what Audrey said,
this i
this is
You heard what Audrey said,
this is a
this is a we
You heard what Audrey said,
this is a well
this is a well-t
You heard what Audrey said,
this is a well-tra
this is a well-train
You heard what Audrey said,
this is a well-trained
this is a well-trained a
You heard what Audrey said,
this is a well-trained arm
this is a well-trained army
wi
with
this is a well-trained army
with g
with gun
this is a well-trained army
with guns.
We
We'l
with guns.
We'll
We'll be
with guns.
We'll be o
We'll be out
with guns.
We'll be outnu
We'll be outnumb
with guns.
We'll be outnumber
We'll be outnumbered
with guns.
We'll be outnumbered.
W
Wel
We'll be outnumbered.
Well,
Well, p
We'll be outnumbered.
Well, per
Well, perha
We'll be outnumbered.
Well, perhaps
Well, perhaps n
We'll be outnumbered.
Well, perhaps not
Well, perhaps not.
We
We'v
Well, perhaps not.
We've
We've go
Well, perhaps not.
We've got
We've got hu
Well, perhaps not.
We've got hund
We've got hundre
Well, perhaps not.
We've got hundreds
We've got hundreds o
Well, perhaps not.
We've got hundreds of
al
alli
We've got hundreds of
allies
allies o
We've got hundreds of
allies on
allies on th
We've got hundreds of
allies on that
allies on that t
We've got hundreds of
allies on that tra
allies on that train
We've got hundreds of
allies on that train.
N
Nah
allies on that train.
Nah,
Nah, no
allies on that train.
Nah, no,
Nah, no, th
allies on that train.
Nah, no, this
Nah, no, this i
allies on that train.
Nah, no, this is
Nah, no, this is di
allies on that train.
Nah, no, this is diff
Nah, no, this is differ
allies on that train.
Nah, no, this is differen
Nah, no, this is different.
We
We'r
Nah, no, this is different.
We're
We're no
Nah, no, this is different.
We're not
We're not tr
Nah, no, this is different.
We're not tryi
We're not trying
Nah, no, this is different.
We're not trying t
We're not trying to
Nah, no, this is different.
We're not trying to ta
We're not trying to take
Nah, no, this is different.
We're not trying to take t
We're not trying to take the
En
Engi
We're not trying to take the
Engine
Engine--
B
But
Engine--
But i
But if
Engine--
But if we
But if we c
Engine--
But if we can
But if we can r
Engine--
But if we can ral
But if we can rally
th
the
But if we can rally
the pe
the peop
But if we can rally
the people
the people--
W
We
the people--
We do
We don'
the people--
We don't
We don't ha
the people--
We don't have
We don't have t
the people--
We don't have tim
We don't have time
fo
for
We don't have time
for an
for anyt
We don't have time
for anythi
for anything
We don't have time
for anything o
for anything oth
We don't have time
for anything other
th
than
for anything other
than a
than a d
for anything other
than a dir
than a direc
for anything other
than a direct
than a direct st
for anything other
than a direct stri
than a direct strike
for anything other
than a direct strike.
We
We d
than a direct strike.
We don
We don't
than a direct strike.
We don't..
We don't...
It
It h
We don't...
It has
It has t
We don't...
It has to
It has to be
We don't...
It has to be a
It has to be an
We don't...
It has to be an ex
It has to be an extr
We don't...
It has to be an extrac
It has to be an extracti
We don't...
It has to be an extraction
It has to be an extraction,
no
not
It has to be an extraction,
not a
not a re
It has to be an extraction,
not a revo
not a revolu
It has to be an extraction,
not a revoluti
not a revolution
It has to be an extraction,
not a revolution--
W
Wha
not a revolution--
What,
What, s
not a revolution--
What, so
What, so we
not a revolution--
What, so we f
What, so we fin
not a revolution--
What, so we find
What, so we find Li
not a revolution--
What, so we find Lian
What, so we find Liana,
not a revolution--
What, so we find Liana, a
What, so we find Liana, and
th
then
What, so we find Liana, and
then w
then wha
What, so we find Liana, and
then what.
then what...
What, so we find Liana, and
then what... w
then what... wha
What, so we find Liana, and
then what... what
then what... what ab
What, so we find Liana, and
then what... what abou
then what... what about
What, so we find Liana, and
then what... what about th
then what... what about the
pe
peop
then what... what about the
people
people o
then what... what about the
people on
people on Sn
then what... what about the
people on Snow
people on Snowpi
then what... what about the
people on Snowpier
people on Snowpierce
then what... what about the
people on Snowpiercer?
R
Rut
people on Snowpiercer?
Ruth:
Ruth: L
people on Snowpiercer?
Ruth: Let
Ruth: Let's
people on Snowpiercer?
Ruth: Let's s
Ruth: Let's see
people on Snowpiercer?
Ruth: Let's see w
Ruth: Let's see wha
people on Snowpiercer?
Ruth: Let's see what
Ruth: Let's see what in
people on Snowpiercer?
Ruth: Let's see what inte
Ruth: Let's see what intel
we
we c
Ruth: Let's see what intel
we can
we can g
Ruth: Let's see what intel
we can gat
we can gathe
Ruth: Let's see what intel
we can gather
we can gather on
Ruth: Let's see what intel
we can gather once
we can gather once w
Ruth: Let's see what intel
we can gather once we
we can gather once we bo
Ruth: Let's see what intel
we can gather once we boar
we can gather once we board.
We
We m
we can gather once we board.
We mak
We make
we can gather once we board.
We make ou
We make our
we can gather once we board.
We make our de
We make our deci
we can gather once we board.
We make our decisi
We make our decision
we can gather once we board.
We make our decisions
We make our decisions th
we can gather once we board.
We make our decisions then
We make our decisions then.
S
Sou
We make our decisions then.
Sound
Sounds
We make our decisions then.
Sounds li
Sounds like
We make our decisions then.
Sounds like a
Sounds like a p
We make our decisions then.
Sounds like a pla
Sounds like a plan.
♪
J
Jos
Josie
Josie:
Josie: On
Josie: Once
Josie: Once s
Josie: Once som
Josie: Once someo
Josie: Once someone
Josie: Once someone l
Josie: Once someone los
Josie: Once someone loses
th
thei
Josie: Once someone loses
their
their No
Josie: Once someone loses
their Nort
their North
Josie: Once someone loses
their North St
their North Star
Josie: Once someone loses
their North Star t
their North Star the
Josie: Once someone loses
their North Star they
their North Star they do
Josie: Once someone loses
their North Star they don'
their North Star they don't
Josie: Once someone loses
their North Star they don't ju
their North Star they don't just
st
stra
their North Star they don't just
stray
stray fr
their North Star they don't just
stray from
stray from t
their North Star they don't just
stray from the
stray from the p
their North Star they don't just
stray from the pat
stray from the path,
their North Star they don't just
stray from the path, t
stray from the path, the
their North Star they don't just
stray from the path, they
fo
forg
stray from the path, they
forget
forget w
stray from the path, they
forget who
forget who t
stray from the path, they
forget who the
forget who they
stray from the path, they
forget who they ar
forget who they are.
stray from the path, they
forget who they are...
On
On t
forget who they are...
On the
On the w
forget who they are...
On the way
On the way t
forget who they are...
On the way to
On the way to Sn
forget who they are...
On the way to Snow
On the way to Snowpi
forget who they are...
On the way to Snowpier
On the way to Snowpierce
forget who they are...
On the way to Snowpiercer,
879 ca
879 cars
On the way to Snowpiercer,
879 cars l
879 cars lon
On the way to Snowpiercer,
879 cars long.
(Snowpiercer theme song)
♪
(Train din)
(Citizens groaning softly)
(T
(Tra
(Train
(Train d
(Train din
(Train din)
J
Jav
Javi:
Javi: Y
Javi: You
Javi: You,
Javi: You, yo
Javi: You, you.
Ge
Get
Get to
Get to M
Get to Met
Get to Metal
Get to Metal W
Get to Metal Wor
Get to Metal Works
Get to Metal Works.
If
If i
If it
If it ca
If it can
If it can bl
If it can blow
If it can blow w
If it can blow way
If it can blow way,
lo
lock
lock i
lock it
lock it do
lock it down
lock it down.
Ge
Get
Get to
Get to t
Get to the
Get to the k
Get to the kit
Get to the kitch
Get to the kitchen
Get to the kitchen,
Get to the kitchen, he
Get to the kitchen, help
Get to the kitchen, help t
Get to the kitchen, help the
Get to the kitchen, help them
se
secu
secure
secure e
secure eve
secure every
secure everyth
secure everythin
secure everything.
♪
(U
(Unc
(Uncle
(Unclear
(Unclear),
(Unclear), w
(Unclear), wha
(Unclear), what
(Unclear), what ha
(Unclear), what happ
(Unclear), what happen
(Unclear), what happened
(Unclear), what happened?
S
Syk
Sykes
Sykes:
Sykes: I
Sykes: I lo
Sykes: I lost
Sykes: I lost p
Sykes: I lost pow
Sykes: I lost power
Sykes: I lost power i
Sykes: I lost power in
tw
two
two Ag
two Ag-S
two Ag-Sec
two Ag-Sec c
two Ag-Sec car
two Ag-Sec cars.
En
Enti
Entire
Entire c
Entire cro
Entire crop
Entire crop is
Entire crop is g
Entire crop is gon
Entire crop is gone.
Wh
Wher
Where
Where is
Where is R
Where is Roc
Where is Roche
Where is Roche?
H
He'
He's
He's ou
He's out
He's out on
He's out on p
He's out on pat
He's out on patro
He's out on patrol,
bu
but
but I'
but I've
but I've g
but I've got
but I've got i
but I've got it.
I'
I'll
I'll r
I'll rer
I'll rerou
I'll reroute
I'll reroute f
I'll reroute fro
I'll reroute from
th
the
the ba
the batt
the batter
the battery
the battery re
the battery rese
the battery reserv
the battery reserves
the battery reserves.
W
Whe
When
When yo
When you
When you we
When you were
When you were r
When you were res
When you were restr
When you were restruc
When you were restructu
When you were restructuri
When you were restructuring
th
the
the gr
the grid
the grid,
the grid, di
the grid, did
the grid, did yo
the grid, did you
the grid, did you re
the grid, did you reme
the grid, did you rememb
the grid, did you remember
the grid, did you remember t
the grid, did you remember to
ch
chec
check
check th
check the
check the fo
check the fore
check the foreca
check the forecast
check the forecast f
check the forecast fir
check the forecast first
check the forecast first?
W
Wou
Would
Wouldn'
Wouldn't
Wouldn't ha
Wouldn't have
Wouldn't have m
Wouldn't have mat
Wouldn't have matte
Wouldn't have mattere
Wouldn't have mattered.
Th
This
This s
This sto
This storm
This storm c
This storm cam
This storm came
This storm came ou
This storm came out
This storm came out of
This storm came out of n
This storm came out of now
This storm came out of nowhe
This storm came out of nowhere
This storm came out of nowhere.
Th
The
The we
The weat
The weathe
The weather
The weather is
ve
very
very u
very uns
very unsta
very unstabl
very unstable
very unstable he
very unstable here
very unstable here.
H
Hey
Hey,
Hey, re
Hey, real
Hey, real t
Hey, real tal
Hey, real talk.
Ho
How
How mu
How much
How much l
How much lon
How much longe
How much longer
How much longer ca
How much longer can
How much longer can we
la
last
last w
last wit
last witho
last without
last without B
last without Big
last without Big A
last without Big Ali
last without Big Alice
last without Big Alice?
I
In
In go
In good
In good c
In good con
In good condi
In good conditi
In good condition
In good conditions,
In good conditions, w
In good conditions, we
ca
can
can ha
can hand
can handle
can handle t
can handle the
can handle the r
can handle the rem
can handle the remai
can handle the remaini
can handle the remaining
14 d
14 day
14 days.
B
But
But i
But in
But in th
But in thes
But in these
But in these co
But in these cond
But in these condit
But in these conditio
But in these conditions
But in these conditions?
W
We
We be
We bett
We better
We better h
We better hop
We better hope
We better hope La
We better hope Layt
We better hope Layton
co
come
comes
comes ba
comes back
comes back s
comes back soo
comes back soon.
(L
(Lou
(Loud
(Loud bo
(Loud boom
(Loud boomin
(Loud booming)
W
Wha
What
What th
What the
What the he
What the hell
What the hell w
What the hell was
What the hell was t
What the hell was tha
What the hell was that?
(C
(Cre
(Creak
(Creakin
(Creaking,
(Creaking, c
(Creaking, cla
(Creaking, clang
(Creaking, clangin
(Creaking, clanging)
S
Syk
Sykes
Sykes,
Sykes, le
Sykes, let'
Sykes, let's
Sykes, let's go
Sykes, let's go,
le
let'
let's
let's go
let's go,
let's go, le
let's go, let'
let's go, let's
let's go, let's go
let's go, let's go.
(C
(Cre
(Creak
(Creakin
(Creaking)
H
Hey
Hey,
Hey, ge
Hey, get
Hey, get to
Hey, get to T
Hey, get to Tow
Hey, get to Townh
Hey, get to Townhal
Hey, get to Townhall.
(C
(Cre
(Creak
(Creakin
(Creaking)
♪
(D
(Doo
(Door
(Door wh
(Door whir
(Door whirri
(Door whirring
(Door whirring)
S
So,
So, w
So, wha
So, what
So, what di
So, what did
th
the
the ad
the adul
the adults
the adults d
the adults dec
the adults decid
the adults decide?
A
Ah,
Ah, t
Ah, the
Ah, the m
Ah, the man
Ah, the manua
Ah, the manual
Ah, the manual ov
Ah, the manual over
Ah, the manual overri
Ah, the manual override
Ah, the manual override p
Ah, the manual override pla
Ah, the manual override plan.
St
Stil
Still.
A
Alr
Alrig
Alright
Alright.
Fi
Firs
First,
First, t
First, the
First, the c
First, the com
First, the compl
First, the complic
First, the complicat
First, the complicated
First, the complicated s
First, the complicated stu
First, the complicated stuff
First, the complicated stuff:
On
Once
Once y
Once you
Once you r
Once you rea
Once you reach
Once you reach S
Once you reach Sno
Once you reach Snowp
Once you reach Snowpie
Once you reach Snowpierc
Once you reach Snowpiercer
Once you reach Snowpiercer's
se
serv
servic
service
service po
service port
service port p
service port plu
service port plug
service port plug in
service port plug in t
service port plug in the
service port plug in the p
service port plug in the pat
service port plug in the patch
ca
cabl
cable,
cable, a
cable, and
cable, and I
cable, and I'l
cable, and I'll
cable, and I'll ho
cable, and I'll hot-
cable, and I'll hot-wi
cable, and I'll hot-wire
th
that
that s
that suc
that sucke
that sucker
that sucker in
that sucker into
that sucker into m
that sucker into mot
that sucker into motio
that sucker into motion
fr
from
from o
from ove
from over
from over he
from over here
from over here.
It
It'l
It'll
It'll le
It'll let
It'll let us
It'll let us b
It'll let us byp
It'll let us bypas
It'll let us bypass
It'll let us bypass th
It'll let us bypass thei
It'll let us bypass their
sy
syst
system
system,
system, so
system, so w
system, so we
system, so we ca
system, so we can
system, so we can do
system, so we can dock
system, so we can dock w
system, so we can dock wit
system, so we can dock witho
system, so we can dock without
no
noti
notify
notifyin
notifying
notifying th
notifying thei
notifying their
notifying their En
notifying their Engi
notifying their Engine
notifying their Engine.
A
And
And n
And now
And now t
And now the
And now the e
And now the eas
And now the easy
And now the easy pa
And now the easy part
And now the easy part?
C
Com
Compa
Compara
Comparati
Comparative
Comparatively
Comparatively s
Comparatively spe
Comparatively speak
Comparatively speakin
Comparatively speaking.
I'
I'll
I'll p
I'll pul
I'll pull
I'll pull us
I'll pull us w
I'll pull us wit
I'll pull us withi
I'll pull us within
I'll pull us within a
I'll pull us within a co
I'll pull us within a coup
I'll pull us within a couple
fe
feet
feet o
feet of
feet of Sn
feet of Snow
feet of Snowpi
feet of Snowpier
feet of Snowpierce
feet of Snowpiercer
feet of Snowpiercer an
feet of Snowpiercer and
feet of Snowpiercer and yo
feet of Snowpiercer and you'
feet of Snowpiercer and you're
go
gonn
gonna
gonna ha
gonna have
gonna have t
gonna have to
gonna have to ju
gonna have to jump
gonna have to jump f
gonna have to jump fro
gonna have to jump from
on
one
one tr
one trai
one train
one train to
one train to a
one train to ano
one train to anoth
one train to another
one train to another t
one train to another to
pa
patc
patch
patch us
patch us i
patch us in.
patch us in...
R
Rig
Right
Right,
Right, so
Right, so..
Right, so...
I
It'
It's
It's no
It's not
It's not as
It's not as h
It's not as har
It's not as hard
as
as i
as it
as it so
as it soun
as it sounds
as it sounds.
Wi
With
With t
With the
With the r
With the run
With the runni
With the running
With the running s
With the running spe
With the running speed
With the running speed a
With the running speed and
so
some
some m
some mom
some momen
some momentu
some momentum
some momentum yo
some momentum you'
some momentum you'll
some momentum you'll b
some momentum you'll be
some momentum you'll be fi
some momentum you'll be fine
some momentum you'll be fine.
Pl
Plus
Plus,
Plus, if
Plus, if a
Plus, if any
Plus, if anybo
Plus, if anybody
Plus, if anybody c
Plus, if anybody can
Plus, if anybody can d
Plus, if anybody can do
Plus, if anybody can do it
Plus, if anybody can do it,
it
it's
it's y
it's you
it's you.
W
Wel
Well
Well th
Well that
Well that's
Well that's n
Well that's not
Well that's not t
Well that's not tha
Well that's not that,
it
it's
it's j
it's jus
it's just
it's just Mi
it's just Mile
it's just Miles.
W
Wha
What
What Au
What Audr
What Audrey
What Audrey s
What Audrey sai
What Audrey said
What Audrey said is
What Audrey said is t
What Audrey said is tru
What Audrey said is true,
he
he's
he's f
he's fin
he's fine,
he's fine, r
he's fine, rig
he's fine, right
he's fine, right?
N
Not
Not k
Not kno
Not knowi
Not knowing
Not knowing..
Not knowing...
I
I t
I thi
I think
I think h
I think he'
I think he's
I think he's ok
I think he's okay
I think he's okay,
I think he's okay, Jo
I think he's okay, Josi
I think he's okay, Josie.
I
I th
I thin
I think
I think Be
I think Ben'
I think Ben's
I think Ben's ok
I think Ben's okay
I think Ben's okay t
I think Ben's okay too
I think Ben's okay too.
W
Wha
What,
What, y
What, you
What, you t
What, you thi
What, you think
What, you think t
What, you think the
What, you think they
wo
woul
wouldn
wouldn't
wouldn't h
wouldn't hur
wouldn't hurt
wouldn't hurt th
wouldn't hurt the
wouldn't hurt the En
wouldn't hurt the Engi
wouldn't hurt the Engine
wouldn't hurt the Engineer
wouldn't hurt the Engineers?
(P
(Pan
(Panel
(Panel b
(Panel bee
(Panel beepi
(Panel beeping
(Panel beeping)
S
Som
Someb
Somebod
Somebody
Somebody ha
Somebody has
Somebody has to
dr
driv
drive
drive th
drive the
drive the tr
drive the trai
drive the train.
In
In f
In fac
In fact,
In fact, I
In fact, I k
In fact, I kin
In fact, I kinda
In fact, I kinda h
In fact, I kinda hop
In fact, I kinda hope
it
it's
it's M
it's Mil
it's Miles
it's Miles.
(B
(Bee
(Beepi
(Beeping
(Beeping c
(Beeping con
(Beeping conti
(Beeping continu
(Beeping continues
(Beeping continues)
..
...i
...it'
...it'll
...it'll m
...it'll mak
...it'll make
...it'll make it
...it'll make it e
...it'll make it eas
...it'll make it easie
...it'll make it easier
to
to c
to cat
to catch
to catch u
to catch up
to catch up to
to catch up to t
to catch up to the
to catch up to them.
(Soft chuckle)
♪
Is there nothing yet?
I
I k
I kno
I know
I know wh
I know what
I know what y
I know what you
I know what you'r
I know what you're
go
gonn
gonna
gonna sa
gonna say.
Yo
You
You do
You don'
You don't
You don't ca
You don't care
You don't care f
You don't care for
You don't care for t
You don't care for thi
You don't care for this
You don't care for this pl
You don't care for this plan
You don't care for this plan a
You don't care for this plan and
I'
I'm
I'm ig
I'm igno
I'm ignori
I'm ignoring
I'm ignoring a
I'm ignoring all
I'm ignoring all t
I'm ignoring all the
I'm ignoring all the p
I'm ignoring all the peo
I'm ignoring all the peopl
I'm ignoring all the people
I'm ignoring all the people wh
I'm ignoring all the people who
ca
care
care f
care for
care for m
care for me.
I
I'm
I'm j
I'm jus
I'm just
I'm just he
I'm just here
I'm just here t
I'm just here to
I'm just here to se
I'm just here to see
if
if y
if you
if you'r
if you're
if you're al
if you're alri
if you're alrigh
if you're alright.
♪
L
Lay
Layto
Layton:
Layton: T
Layton: The
Layton: There
Layton: There t
Layton: There the
Layton: There they
Layton: There they ar
Layton: There they are.
R
Rut
Ruth:
Ruth: I
Ruth: If
Ruth: If we
Ruth: If we c
Ruth: If we can
Ruth: If we can s
Ruth: If we can see
Ruth: If we can see t
Ruth: If we can see the
Ruth: If we can see them
Ruth: If we can see them th
Ruth: If we can see them they
ca
can
can se
can see
can see us
can see us,
can see us, ri
can see us, righ
can see us, right?
T
Tim
Time
Time to
Time to g
Time to go
Time to go da
Time to go dark
Time to go dark.
♪
A
Ale
Alex:
Alex: I
Alex: I'm
Alex: I'm o
Alex: I'm on
Alex: I'm on it
Alex: I'm on it.
Go
Goin
Going
Going in
Going into
Going into s
Going into ste
Going into steal
Going into stealth
Going into stealth m
Going into stealth mod
Going into stealth mode.
L
Lay
Layto
Layton:
Layton: H
Layton: How
Layton: How f
Layton: How far
Layton: How far a
Layton: How far awa
Layton: How far away
Layton: How far away ar
Layton: How far away are
Layton: How far away are we
Layton: How far away are we?
A
Ale
Alex:
Alex: F
Alex: Far
Alex: Far e
Alex: Far eno
Alex: Far enoug
Alex: Far enough
Alex: Far enough th
Alex: Far enough that
we
we'r
we're
we're ou
we're out
we're out of
we're out of v
we're out of vis
we're out of visua
we're out of visual.
Cl
Clos
Close
Close en
Close enou
Close enough
Close enough t
Close enough tha
Close enough that
Close enough that I
ca
can
can cl
can clos
can close
can close th
can close that
can close that g
can close that gap
can close that gap.
Bu
But
But we
But we'v
But we've
But we've on
But we've only
But we've only g
But we've only got
a
a fe
a few
a few ho
a few hour
a few hours
a few hours ti
a few hours till
a few hours till s
a few hours till sun
a few hours till sunri
a few hours till sunrise
a few hours till sunrise.
R
Rig
Right
Right,
th
this
this m
this mig
this might
this might b
this might be
this might be ou
this might be our
this might be our be
this might be our best
this might be our best s
this might be our best sho
this might be our best shot.
So
So l
So let
So let's
So let's g
So let's get
So let's get t
So let's get the
So let's get the b
So let's get the boa
So let's get the board
So let's get the boardin
So let's get the boarding
So let's get the boarding pa
So let's get the boarding part
So let's get the boarding party
in
in p
in pos
in posit
in positio
in position.
I
Is
Is ev
Is ever
Is everyo
Is everyone
Is everyone r
Is everyone rea
Is everyone ready
Is everyone ready?
It
It's
It's n
It's now
It's now o
It's now or
It's now or ne
It's now or neve
It's now or never.
♪
(Creaking, wind howling)
Z
Z-W
Z-Wre
Z-Wreck
Z-Wreck:
Z-Wreck: Ta
Z-Wreck: Tail
Z-Wreck: Tailie
Z-Wreck: Tailies,
bo
boar
boardi
boarding
boarding f
boarding for
boarding forma
boarding formati
boarding formation
boarding formation.
No
Now!
boarding formation.
Now! O
Now! On
boarding formation.
Now! On th
Now! On the
boarding formation.
Now! On the do
Now! On the doub
boarding formation.
Now! On the double
Now! On the double!
Le
Let'
Now! On the double!
Let's
Let's go
Now! On the double!
Let's go,
Let's go, sh
Now! On the double!
Let's go, shie
Let's go, shield
Now! On the double!
Let's go, shields
Let's go, shields up
Now! On the double!
Let's go, shields up!
We
Weap
Let's go, shields up!
Weapon
Weapons
Let's go, shields up!
Weapons up
Weapons up!
M
Man
Weapons up!
Man:
Man: Le
Weapons up!
Man: Let'
Man: Let's
Weapons up!
Man: Let's go
Man: Let's go,
Weapons up!
Man: Let's go, le
Man: Let's go, let'
Weapons up!
Man: Let's go, let's
Man: Let's go, let's go
Weapons up!
Man: Let's go, let's go.
♪
(Men shouting)
Ruth: Everyone in position.
♪
A
Ale
Alex:
Alex: I
Alex: I'm
Alex: I'm g
Alex: I'm gon
Alex: I'm gonna
Alex: I'm gonna p
Alex: I'm gonna pun
Alex: I'm gonna punch
Alex: I'm gonna punch i
Alex: I'm gonna punch it.
A
Adm
Alex: I'm gonna punch it.
Admir
Admiral
Alex: I'm gonna punch it.
Admiral M
Admiral Mil
Alex: I'm gonna punch it.
Admiral Miliu
Admiral Milius:
Alex: I'm gonna punch it.
Admiral Milius: Sn
Admiral Milius: Snow
Alex: I'm gonna punch it.
Admiral Milius: Snowpi
Admiral Milius: Snowpier
Alex: I'm gonna punch it.
Admiral Milius: Snowpierce
Admiral Milius: Snowpiercer
to
to B
Admiral Milius: Snowpiercer
to Big
to Big A
Admiral Milius: Snowpiercer
to Big Ali
to Big Alice
Admiral Milius: Snowpiercer
to Big Alice,
to Big Alice, do
Admiral Milius: Snowpiercer
to Big Alice, do y
to Big Alice, do you
Admiral Milius: Snowpiercer
to Big Alice, do you c
to Big Alice, do you cop
Admiral Milius: Snowpiercer
to Big Alice, do you copy?
♪
Th
This
This i
This is
This is Ad
This is Admi
This is Admira
This is Admiral
This is Admiral Mi
This is Admiral Mili
This is Admiral Milius
This is Admiral Milius w
This is Admiral Milius wit
This is Admiral Milius with
th
the
This is Admiral Milius with
the In
the Inte
This is Admiral Milius with
the Intern
the Internat
This is Admiral Milius with
the Internatio
the Internationa
This is Admiral Milius with
the International
Pe
Peac
the International
Peacek
Peacekee
the International
Peacekeepi
Peacekeeping
the International
Peacekeeping F
Peacekeeping For
the International
Peacekeeping Force
Peacekeeping Forces.
St
Stat
Peacekeeping Forces.
State
State yo
Peacekeeping Forces.
State your
State your r
Peacekeeping Forces.
State your rea
State your reaso
Peacekeeping Forces.
State your reason
fo
for
State your reason
for ap
for appr
State your reason
for approa
for approach
State your reason
for approach..
for approach...
Or
Or I
for approach...
Or I'l
Or I'll
for approach...
Or I'll ha
Or I'll have
for approach...
Or I'll have t
Or I'll have to
for approach...
Or I'll have to co
Or I'll have to cons
for approach...
Or I'll have to consid
Or I'll have to consider
yo
you
Or I'll have to consider
you ho
you host
Or I'll have to consider
you hostil
you hostiles
Or I'll have to consider
you hostiles.
Ta
Talk
you hostiles.
Talkin
Talking
you hostiles.
Talking to
Talking to y
you hostiles.
Talking to you
Talking to you,
you hostiles.
Talking to you, An
Talking to you, Andr
you hostiles.
Talking to you, Andre
Talking to you, Andre La
you hostiles.
Talking to you, Andre Layt
Talking to you, Andre Layton
you hostiles.
Talking to you, Andre Layton.
Do
Do y
Talking to you, Andre Layton.
Do you
Do you c
Talking to you, Andre Layton.
Do you cop
Do you copy?
♪
La
Last
Last c
Last cha
Last chanc
Last chance.
An
Andr
Last chance.
Andre
Andre La
Last chance.
Andre Layt
Andre Layton
Last chance.
Andre Layton,
Andre Layton, do
Last chance.
Andre Layton, do y
Andre Layton, do you
Last chance.
Andre Layton, do you c
Andre Layton, do you cop
Last chance.
Andre Layton, do you copy?
♪
S
So
So yo
So you'
So you're
So you're t
So you're the
So you're the o
So you're the one
So you're the one w
So you're the one who
So you're the one who t
So you're the one who too
So you're the one who took
So you're the one who took my
da
daug
So you're the one who took my
daught
daughter
So you're the one who took my
daughter a
daughter and
So you're the one who took my
daughter and k
daughter and kil
So you're the one who took my
daughter and kille
daughter and killed
So you're the one who took my
daughter and killed he
daughter and killed her
So you're the one who took my
daughter and killed her mo
daughter and killed her moth
So you're the one who took my
daughter and killed her mother
daughter and killed her mother?
I'
I'm
daughter and killed her mother?
I'm so
I'm sorr
daughter and killed her mother?
I'm sorry
I'm sorry to
daughter and killed her mother?
I'm sorry to h
I'm sorry to hea
daughter and killed her mother?
I'm sorry to hear
I'm sorry to hear ab
daughter and killed her mother?
I'm sorry to hear abou
I'm sorry to hear about
yo
your
I'm sorry to hear about
your l
your los
I'm sorry to hear about
your loss,
your loss, b
I'm sorry to hear about
your loss, but
your loss, but i
I'm sorry to hear about
your loss, but it
your loss, but it se
I'm sorry to hear about
your loss, but it seem
your loss, but it seems
I'm sorry to hear about
your loss, but it seems yo
your loss, but it seems you'
I'm sorry to hear about
your loss, but it seems you're
op
oper
your loss, but it seems you're
operat
operatin
your loss, but it seems you're
operating
operating wi
your loss, but it seems you're
operating with
operating with s
your loss, but it seems you're
operating with som
operating with some
your loss, but it seems you're
operating with some ba
operating with some bad
your loss, but it seems you're
operating with some bad in
operating with some bad inte
your loss, but it seems you're
operating with some bad intel-
operating with some bad intel--
N
No,
operating with some bad intel--
No, I
No, I t
operating with some bad intel--
No, I thi
No, I think
operating with some bad intel--
No, I think i
No, I think it'
operating with some bad intel--
No, I think it's
No, I think it's pr
operating with some bad intel--
No, I think it's pret
No, I think it's pretty
operating with some bad intel--
No, I think it's pretty g
No, I think it's pretty goo
operating with some bad intel--
No, I think it's pretty good.
A
Adm
No, I think it's pretty good.
Admir
Admiral
No, I think it's pretty good.
Admiral M
Admiral Mil
No, I think it's pretty good.
Admiral Miliu
Admiral Milius:
No, I think it's pretty good.
Admiral Milius: An
Admiral Milius: And
No, I think it's pretty good.
Admiral Milius: And I'
Admiral Milius: And I'm
co
conc
Admiral Milius: And I'm
concer
concerne
Admiral Milius: And I'm
concerned
concerned th
Admiral Milius: And I'm
concerned that
concerned that y
Admiral Milius: And I'm
concerned that you
concerned that you'r
Admiral Milius: And I'm
concerned that you're
concerned that you're pr
Admiral Milius: And I'm
concerned that you're prep
concerned that you're prepar
Admiral Milius: And I'm
concerned that you're preparin
concerned that you're preparing
an
an a
concerned that you're preparing
an att
an attac
concerned that you're preparing
an attack
an attack on
concerned that you're preparing
an attack on t
an attack on thi
concerned that you're preparing
an attack on this
an attack on this ve
concerned that you're preparing
an attack on this very
an attack on this very t
concerned that you're preparing
an attack on this very tra
an attack on this very train
concerned that you're preparing
an attack on this very train.
I'
I'd
an attack on this very train.
I'd ra
I'd rath
an attack on this very train.
I'd rather
I'd rather w
an attack on this very train.
I'd rather we
I'd rather we no
an attack on this very train.
I'd rather we not
I'd rather we not es
an attack on this very train.
I'd rather we not esca
I'd rather we not escala
an attack on this very train.
I'd rather we not escalate
th
this
I'd rather we not escalate
this m
this mis
I'd rather we not escalate
this misun
this misunde
I'd rather we not escalate
this misunders
this misundersta
I'd rather we not escalate
this misunderstand
this misunderstandin
I'd rather we not escalate
this misunderstanding-
this misunderstanding--
I
It'
this misunderstanding--
It's
It's in
this misunderstanding--
It's inte
It's intere
this misunderstanding--
It's interest
It's interestin
this misunderstanding--
It's interesting
It's interesting co
this misunderstanding--
It's interesting comi
It's interesting coming
fr
from
It's interesting coming
from a
from a k
It's interesting coming
from a kid
from a kidna
It's interesting coming
from a kidnapp
from a kidnapper
It's interesting coming
from a kidnapper.
P
Ple
from a kidnapper.
Pleas
Please.
I
I th
Please.
I thin
I think
Please.
I think we
I think we c
Please.
I think we can
I think we can s
Please.
I think we can sor
I think we can sort
th
this
I think we can sort
this o
this out
I think we can sort
this out f
this out fac
I think we can sort
this out face
this out face to
I think we can sort
this out face to f
this out face to fac
I think we can sort
this out face to face.
If
If y
this out face to face.
If you
If you p
this out face to face.
If you pre
If you prefe
this out face to face.
If you prefer
If you prefer th
this out face to face.
If you prefer the
If you prefer the ea
this out face to face.
If you prefer the easy
If you prefer the easy w
this out face to face.
If you prefer the easy way
If you prefer the easy way c
this out face to face.
If you prefer the easy way com
If you prefer the easy way come
on
on o
If you prefer the easy way come
on ove
on over,
If you prefer the easy way come
on over, I
on over, I m
If you prefer the easy way come
on over, I mak
on over, I make
If you prefer the easy way come
on over, I make a
on over, I make a me
If you prefer the easy way come
on over, I make a mean
on over, I make a mean o
If you prefer the easy way come
on over, I make a mean ome
on over, I make a mean omele
If you prefer the easy way come
on over, I make a mean omelett
on over, I make a mean omelette.
Bu
But
on over, I make a mean omelette.
But if
But if y
on over, I make a mean omelette.
But if you
But if you o
on over, I make a mean omelette.
But if you opt
But if you opt f
on over, I make a mean omelette.
But if you opt for
th
the
But if you opt for
the ha
the hard
But if you opt for
the hard w
the hard way
But if you opt for
the hard way..
the hard way...
We
Well
the hard way...
Well,
Well, I
the hard way...
Well, I ca
Well, I can
the hard way...
Well, I can ac
Well, I can acco
the hard way...
Well, I can accomm
Well, I can accommod
the hard way...
Well, I can accommodat
Well, I can accommodate
th
that
Well, I can accommodate
that t
that too
Well, I can accommodate
that too.
It
It's
that too.
It's u
It's up
that too.
It's up to
It's up to y
that too.
It's up to you
It's up to you.
H
He
It's up to you.
He wa
He want
It's up to you.
He wants
He wants us
It's up to you.
He wants us t
He wants us to
co
conn
He wants us to
connec
connect
He wants us to
connect th
connect the
He wants us to
connect the tr
connect the trai
He wants us to
connect the trains
connect the trains.
A
Adm
connect the trains.
Admir
Admiral
connect the trains.
Admiral M
Admiral Mil
connect the trains.
Admiral Miliu
Admiral Milius:
connect the trains.
Admiral Milius: I'
Admiral Milius: I'm
connect the trains.
Admiral Milius: I'm a
ma
man
Admiral Milius: I'm a
man of
man of m
Admiral Milius: I'm a
man of my
man of my wo
Admiral Milius: I'm a
man of my word
man of my word.
We
We h
man of my word.
We har
We harbo
man of my word.
We harbour
We harbour n
man of my word.
We harbour no
We harbour no il
man of my word.
We harbour no ill
We harbour no ill in
man of my word.
We harbour no ill inte
We harbour no ill intent
man of my word.
We harbour no ill intent.
We
We'r
We harbour no ill intent.
We're
We're Fr
We harbour no ill intent.
We're Frie
We're Friend
We harbour no ill intent.
We're Friendli
We're Friendlies
We harbour no ill intent.
We're Friendlies.
F
Fri
We're Friendlies.
Frien
Friendl
We're Friendlies.
Friendlie
Friendlies,
We're Friendlies.
Friendlies, h
Friendlies, huh
We're Friendlies.
Friendlies, huh?
Th
Then
Friendlies, huh?
Then y
Then you
Friendlies, huh?
Then you w
Then you won
Friendlies, huh?
Then you won't
Then you won't m
Friendlies, huh?
Then you won't min
Then you won't mind
Friendlies, huh?
Then you won't mind wa
Then you won't mind wait
Friendlies, huh?
Then you won't mind waitin
Then you won't mind waiting.
A
Ale
Then you won't mind waiting.
Alex:
Alex: O
Then you won't mind waiting.
Alex: Oka
Alex: Okay?
Po
Powe
Alex: Okay?
Power
Power mo
Alex: Okay?
Power move
Power move.
Alex: Okay?
Power move. No
Power move. Now
Alex: Okay?
Power move. Now wh
Power move. Now what
Alex: Okay?
Power move. Now what?
K
Kee
Power move. Now what?
Keep
Keep th
Power move. Now what?
Keep them
Keep them g
Power move. Now what?
Keep them gue
Keep them guess
Power move. Now what?
Keep them guessin
Keep them guessing
't
'til
Keep them guessing
'til w
'til we
Keep them guessing
'til we fi
'til we figu
Keep them guessing
'til we figure
'til we figure o
Keep them guessing
'til we figure out
'til we figure out p
Keep them guessing
'til we figure out pla
'til we figure out plan
Keep them guessing
'til we figure out plan B.
O
Oka
'til we figure out plan B.
Okay.
♪
(L
(Lou
(Loud
(Loud sh
(Loud shou
(Loud shouti
(Loud shouting
(Loud shouting,
(Loud shouting, ch
(Loud shouting, chat
(Loud shouting, chatte
(Loud shouting, chatter)
J
Jav
Javi:
Javi: P
Javi: Peo
Javi: Peopl
Javi: People,
Javi: People, p
Javi: People, ple
Javi: People, pleas
Javi: People, please,
Javi: People, please, p
Javi: People, please, ple
Javi: People, please, pleas
Javi: People, please, please.
On
One
Javi: People, please, please.
One at
One at a
Javi: People, please, please.
One at a t
One at a tim
Javi: People, please, please.
One at a time.
O
Oil
One at a time.
Oiler
Oiler B
One at a time.
Oiler Bob
Oiler Bob:
One at a time.
Oiler Bob: Wa
Oiler Bob: Was
One at a time.
Oiler Bob: Was th
Oiler Bob: Was that
so
soun
Oiler Bob: Was that
sound
sound ca
Oiler Bob: Was that
sound caus
sound caused
Oiler Bob: Was that
sound caused b
sound caused by
Oiler Bob: Was that
sound caused by th
sound caused by the
Oiler Bob: Was that
sound caused by the st
sound caused by the stor
Oiler Bob: Was that
sound caused by the storm?
'C
'Cau
sound caused by the storm?
'Cause
'Cause i
sound caused by the storm?
'Cause it
'Cause it so
sound caused by the storm?
'Cause it soun
'Cause it sounde
sound caused by the storm?
'Cause it sounded
'Cause it sounded li
sound caused by the storm?
'Cause it sounded like
an
an e
'Cause it sounded like
an exp
an explo
'Cause it sounded like
an explosi
an explosion
'Cause it sounded like
an explosion.
W
We
an explosion.
We wo
We won'
an explosion.
We won't
We won't kn
an explosion.
We won't know
We won't know f
an explosion.
We won't know for
We won't know for s
an explosion.
We won't know for sur
We won't know for sure
an explosion.
We won't know for sure un
We won't know for sure unti
an explosion.
We won't know for sure until
we
we s
We won't know for sure until
we sea
we searc
We won't know for sure until
we search
we search th
We won't know for sure until
we search the
we search the pe
We won't know for sure until
we search the peri
we search the perime
We won't know for sure until
we search the perimete
we search the perimeter.
M
Man
we search the perimeter.
Man 2
Man 2:
we search the perimeter.
Man 2: Wh
Man 2: What
we search the perimeter.
Man 2: What i
Man 2: What if
we search the perimeter.
Man 2: What if it
wa
was
Man 2: What if it
was an
was an a
Man 2: What if it
was an att
was an attac
Man 2: What if it
was an attack?
Wh
What
was an attack?
What i
What if
was an attack?
What if th
What if they
was an attack?
What if they a
What if they are
was an attack?
What if they are o
What if they are out
was an attack?
What if they are out t
What if they are out the
was an attack?
What if they are out there
What if they are out there?
I
It
What if they are out there?
It is
It is d
What if they are out there?
It is def
It is defin
What if they are out there?
It is definit
It is definitel
What if they are out there?
It is definitely
a
a po
It is definitely
a poss
a possib
It is definitely
a possibil
a possibilit
It is definitely
a possibility.
We
We c
a possibility.
We can
We can't
a possibility.
We can't r
We can't rul
a possibility.
We can't rule
We can't rule it
a possibility.
We can't rule it o
We can't rule it out
a possibility.
We can't rule it out.
N
Not
We can't rule it out.
Notar
Notary:
We can't rule it out.
Notary: T
Notary: The
We can't rule it out.
Notary: Then
Notary: Then wh
We can't rule it out.
Notary: Then why
Notary: Then why is
We can't rule it out.
Notary: Then why isn'
Notary: Then why isn't
We can't rule it out.
Notary: Then why isn't th
Notary: Then why isn't the
co
coun
Notary: Then why isn't the
counci
council
Notary: Then why isn't the
council do
council doin
Notary: Then why isn't the
council doing
council doing mo
Notary: Then why isn't the
council doing more
to
to p
council doing more
to pro
to prote
council doing more
to protect
to protect u
council doing more
to protect us?
W
We'
to protect us?
We're
We're d
to protect us?
We're doi
We're doing
to protect us?
We're doing e
We're doing eve
to protect us?
We're doing every
We're doing everyth
to protect us?
We're doing everythin
We're doing everything
we
we c
We're doing everything
we can
we can.
Bu
But
we can.
But pl
But plea
we can.
But please
But please l
we can.
But please lis
But please liste
we can.
But please listen
But please listen to
we can.
But please listen to m
But please listen to me.
Ou
Our
But please listen to me.
Our po
Our powe
But please listen to me.
Our power
Our power gr
But please listen to me.
Our power grid
Our power grid i
But please listen to me.
Our power grid is
Our power grid is on
But please listen to me.
Our power grid is on t
Our power grid is on the
But please listen to me.
Our power grid is on the v
Our power grid is on the ver
But please listen to me.
Our power grid is on the verge
of
of c
Our power grid is on the verge
of col
of colla
Our power grid is on the verge
of collaps
of collapse
Our power grid is on the verge
of collapse an
of collapse and
Our power grid is on the verge
of collapse and ev
of collapse and even
Our power grid is on the verge
of collapse and even i
of collapse and even if
Our power grid is on the verge
of collapse and even if we
of collapse and even if we m
Our power grid is on the verge
of collapse and even if we mak
of collapse and even if we make
th
the
of collapse and even if we make
the re
the repa
of collapse and even if we make
the repair
the repairs,
of collapse and even if we make
the repairs, w
the repairs, we
of collapse and even if we make
the repairs, we wo
the repairs, we won'
of collapse and even if we make
the repairs, we won't
the repairs, we won't ha
of collapse and even if we make
the repairs, we won't have
en
enou
the repairs, we won't have
enough
enough j
the repairs, we won't have
enough jui
enough juice
the repairs, we won't have
enough juice t
enough juice to
the repairs, we won't have
enough juice to la
enough juice to last
the repairs, we won't have
enough juice to last t
enough juice to last the
re
rema
enough juice to last the
remain
remainin
enough juice to last the
remaining
remaining 14
enough juice to last the
remaining 14 d
remaining 14 day
enough juice to last the
remaining 14 days
wi
with
remaining 14 days
withou
without
remaining 14 days
without Bi
without Big
remaining 14 days
without Big Al
without Big Alic
remaining 14 days
without Big Alice
without Big Alice un
remaining 14 days
without Big Alice unle
without Big Alice unless
remaining 14 days
without Big Alice unless w
without Big Alice unless we
st
star
without Big Alice unless we
start
start ra
without Big Alice unless we
start rati
start ration
without Big Alice unless we
start rationin
start rationing
without Big Alice unless we
start rationing po
start rationing powe
without Big Alice unless we
start rationing power.
T
The
start rationing power.
The N
The Not
start rationing power.
The Notar
The Notary:
start rationing power.
The Notary: S
The Notary: So
start rationing power.
The Notary: So no
The Notary: So no m
start rationing power.
The Notary: So no mat
The Notary: So no matte
start rationing power.
The Notary: So no matter
wh
what
The Notary: So no matter
what w
what we
The Notary: So no matter
what we do
what we do,
The Notary: So no matter
what we do, we
what we do, we m
The Notary: So no matter
what we do, we mig
what we do, we might
The Notary: So no matter
what we do, we might s
what we do, we might sti
The Notary: So no matter
what we do, we might still
fr
free
what we do, we might still
freeze
freeze t
what we do, we might still
freeze to
freeze to de
what we do, we might still
freeze to deat
freeze to death?
(A
(Anx
freeze to death?
(Anxio
(Anxious
freeze to death?
(Anxious c
(Anxious cha
freeze to death?
(Anxious chatt
(Anxious chatter
freeze to death?
(Anxious chatter)
R
Roc
(Anxious chatter)
Roche
Roche:
(Anxious chatter)
Roche: Ev
Roche: Ever
(Anxious chatter)
Roche: Everyo
Roche: Everyone
(Anxious chatter)
Roche: Everyone.
Roche: Everyone. He
(Anxious chatter)
Roche: Everyone. Hey,
Roche: Everyone. Hey, h
(Anxious chatter)
Roche: Everyone. Hey, hey
Roche: Everyone. Hey, hey!
He
Hey,
Roche: Everyone. Hey, hey!
Hey, l
Hey, lis
Roche: Everyone. Hey, hey!
Hey, liste
Hey, listen
Roche: Everyone. Hey, hey!
Hey, listen up
Hey, listen up,
Roche: Everyone. Hey, hey!
Hey, listen up, ok
Hey, listen up, okay
Roche: Everyone. Hey, hey!
Hey, listen up, okay?
Wh
What
Hey, listen up, okay?
What J
What Jav
Hey, listen up, okay?
What Javi
What Javi is
Hey, listen up, okay?
What Javi is s
What Javi is say
Hey, listen up, okay?
What Javi is sayin
What Javi is saying
Hey, listen up, okay?
What Javi is saying he
What Javi is saying here
Hey, listen up, okay?
What Javi is saying here i
What Javi is saying here is
Hey, listen up, okay?
What Javi is saying here is ju
What Javi is saying here is just
th
the
What Javi is saying here is just
the wo
the wors
What Javi is saying here is just
the worst
the worst ca
What Javi is saying here is just
the worst case
the worst case s
What Javi is saying here is just
the worst case sce
the worst case scena
What Javi is saying here is just
the worst case scenari
the worst case scenario,
What Javi is saying here is just
the worst case scenario, o
the worst case scenario, oka
What Javi is saying here is just
the worst case scenario, okay?
Th
The
the worst case scenario, okay?
The go
The good
the worst case scenario, okay?
The good n
The good new
the worst case scenario, okay?
The good news
The good news is
the worst case scenario, okay?
The good news is,
The good news is, is
the worst case scenario, okay?
The good news is, is t
The good news is, is tha
the worst case scenario, okay?
The good news is, is that
Bi
Big
The good news is, is that
Big Al
Big Alic
The good news is, is that
Big Alice
Big Alice wi
The good news is, is that
Big Alice will
Big Alice will r
The good news is, is that
Big Alice will ret
Big Alice will retur
The good news is, is that
Big Alice will return.
Co
Come
Big Alice will return.
Come o
Come on,
Big Alice will return.
Come on, m
Come on, man
Big Alice will return.
Come on, man,
Come on, man, le
Big Alice will return.
Come on, man, let'
Come on, man, let's
Big Alice will return.
Come on, man, let's ha
Come on, man, let's have
Big Alice will return.
Come on, man, let's have a
li
litt
Come on, man, let's have a
little
little f
Come on, man, let's have a
little fai
little faith
Come on, man, let's have a
little faith i
little faith in
Come on, man, let's have a
little faith in Ru
little faith in Ruth
Come on, man, let's have a
little faith in Ruth a
little faith in Ruth and
Come on, man, let's have a
little faith in Ruth and L
little faith in Ruth and Lay
Come on, man, let's have a
little faith in Ruth and Layto
little faith in Ruth and Layton.
In
In t
little faith in Ruth and Layton.
In the
In the m
little faith in Ruth and Layton.
In the mea
In the meant
little faith in Ruth and Layton.
In the meantim
In the meantime,
little faith in Ruth and Layton.
In the meantime, t
In the meantime, the
little faith in Ruth and Layton.
In the meantime, the c
In the meantime, the cou
little faith in Ruth and Layton.
In the meantime, the counc
In the meantime, the council
little faith in Ruth and Layton.
In the meantime, the council i
In the meantime, the council is
wo
work
In the meantime, the council is
workin
working
In the meantime, the council is
working ha
working hard
In the meantime, the council is
working hard t
working hard to
In the meantime, the council is
working hard to re
working hard to rest
In the meantime, the council is
working hard to restor
working hard to restore
In the meantime, the council is
working hard to restore th
working hard to restore the
In the meantime, the council is
working hard to restore the gr
working hard to restore the grid
an
and
working hard to restore the grid
and ke
and keep
working hard to restore the grid
and keep t
and keep thi
working hard to restore the grid
and keep this
and keep this to
working hard to restore the grid
and keep this town
and keep this town s
working hard to restore the grid
and keep this town saf
and keep this town safe,
working hard to restore the grid
and keep this town safe, o
and keep this town safe, oka
working hard to restore the grid
and keep this town safe, okay?
We
We'v
and keep this town safe, okay?
We've
We've ru
and keep this town safe, okay?
We've runn
We've runnin
and keep this town safe, okay?
We've running
We've running pa
and keep this town safe, okay?
We've running patr
We've running patrol
and keep this town safe, okay?
We've running patrols
We've running patrols 24
and keep this town safe, okay?
We've running patrols 24/7
We've running patrols 24/7,
bu
but
We've running patrols 24/7,
but we
but we n
We've running patrols 24/7,
but we nee
but we need
We've running patrols 24/7,
but we need yo
but we need your
We've running patrols 24/7,
but we need your h
but we need your hel
We've running patrols 24/7,
but we need your help,
we
we c
but we need your help,
we can
we can't
but we need your help,
we can't d
we can't do
but we need your help,
we can't do th
we can't do this
but we need your help,
we can't do this a
we can't do this alo
but we need your help,
we can't do this alone
we can't do this alone.
So
So i
we can't do this alone.
So if
So if yo
we can't do this alone.
So if you'
So if you're
we can't do this alone.
So if you're o
So if you're out
we can't do this alone.
So if you're out t
So if you're out the
we can't do this alone.
So if you're out there
So if you're out there o
we can't do this alone.
So if you're out there or
So if you're out there or yo
we can't do this alone.
So if you're out there or you
ha
happ
So if you're out there or you
happen
happen t
So if you're out there or you
happen to
happen to be
So if you're out there or you
happen to be o
happen to be out
So if you're out there or you
happen to be out t
happen to be out the
So if you're out there or you
happen to be out there
happen to be out there,
So if you're out there or you
happen to be out there, yo
happen to be out there, you
ha
happ
happen to be out there, you
happen
happen t
happen to be out there, you
happen to
happen to be
happen to be out there, you
happen to be u
happen to be up
happen to be out there, you
happen to be up in
happen to be up in t
happen to be out there, you
happen to be up in the
happen to be up in the h
happen to be out there, you
happen to be up in the hil
happen to be up in the hills
happen to be out there, you
happen to be up in the hills,
ju
just
happen to be up in the hills,
just k
just kee
happen to be up in the hills,
just keep
just keep yo
happen to be up in the hills,
just keep your
just keep your e
happen to be up in the hills,
just keep your eye
just keep your eyes
happen to be up in the hills,
just keep your eyes pe
just keep your eyes peel
happen to be up in the hills,
just keep your eyes peeled
just keep your eyes peeled,
ok
okay
just keep your eyes peeled,
okay?
I
I pr
okay?
I prom
I promis
okay?
I promise
I promise yo
okay?
I promise you
I promise you we
okay?
I promise you we w
I promise you we wil
okay?
I promise you we will
ge
get
I promise you we will
get th
get thro
I promise you we will
get throug
get through
I promise you we will
get through th
get through this
I promise you we will
get through this i
get through this if
I promise you we will
get through this if we
st
stic
get through this if we
stick
stick to
get through this if we
stick toge
stick togeth
get through this if we
stick together
stick together,
get through this if we
stick together, ok
stick together, okay
get through this if we
stick together, okay?
J
Jav
stick together, okay?
Javi:
Javi: T
stick together, okay?
Javi: Tha
Javi: Thank
stick together, okay?
Javi: Thank y
Javi: Thank you
stick together, okay?
Javi: Thank you,
Javi: Thank you, th
stick together, okay?
Javi: Thank you, that
Javi: Thank you, that's
stick together, okay?
Javi: Thank you, that's a
Javi: Thank you, that's all
stick together, okay?
Javi: Thank you, that's all.
Le
Let'
Javi: Thank you, that's all.
Let's
Let's cl
Javi: Thank you, that's all.
Let's clea
Let's clear
Javi: Thank you, that's all.
Let's clear th
Let's clear the
Javi: Thank you, that's all.
Let's clear the ro
Let's clear the room
Javi: Thank you, that's all.
Let's clear the room p
Let's clear the room ple
Javi: Thank you, that's all.
Let's clear the room pleas
Let's clear the room please.
(C
(Cha
Let's clear the room please.
(Chatt
(Chatter
Let's clear the room please.
(Chatter)
Ab
Abou
(Chatter)
About
About ti
(Chatter)
About time
About time.
S
Sor
About time.
Sorry
Sorry.
♪
J
Jos
Josie
Josie:
Josie: He
Josie: He i
Josie: He inv
Josie: He invit
Josie: He invited
us
us f
Josie: He invited
us for
us for b
Josie: He invited
us for bre
us for break
Josie: He invited
us for breakfa
us for breakfast
Josie: He invited
us for breakfast?
(L
(Lay
us for breakfast?
(Layto
(Layton
us for breakfast?
(Layton ch
(Layton chuc
us for breakfast?
(Layton chuckl
(Layton chuckles
us for breakfast?
(Layton chuckles)
Th
That
(Layton chuckles)
That's
That's n
(Layton chuckles)
That's not
That's not s
(Layton chuckles)
That's not sus
That's not suspi
(Layton chuckles)
That's not suspici
That's not suspiciou
(Layton chuckles)
That's not suspicious,
That's not suspicious, i
(Layton chuckles)
That's not suspicious, is
That's not suspicious, is it
(Layton chuckles)
That's not suspicious, is it?
D
Did
That's not suspicious, is it?
Didn'
Didn't
That's not suspicious, is it?
Didn't se
Didn't seem
That's not suspicious, is it?
Didn't seem s
Didn't seem spu
That's not suspicious, is it?
Didn't seem spur
of
of t
Didn't seem spur
of the
of the m
Didn't seem spur
of the mom
of the momen
Didn't seem spur
of the moment
of the moment ei
Didn't seem spur
of the moment eith
of the moment either
Didn't seem spur
of the moment either.
D
Do
of the moment either.
Do yo
Do you
of the moment either.
Do you th
Do you thin
of the moment either.
Do you think
Do you think he
of the moment either.
Do you think he w
Do you think he was
wa
wait
Do you think he was
waitin
waiting
Do you think he was
waiting fo
waiting for
Do you think he was
waiting for us
waiting for us?
H
He
waiting for us?
He mu
He must
waiting for us?
He must h
He must hav
waiting for us?
He must have
He must have be
waiting for us?
He must have been
He must have been.
He
He s
He must have been.
He saw
He saw u
He must have been.
He saw us
He saw us co
He must have been.
He saw us comi
He saw us coming
He must have been.
He saw us coming,
He saw us coming, he
He must have been.
He saw us coming, he k
He saw us coming, he kne
He must have been.
He saw us coming, he knew
He saw us coming, he knew we
we
were
He saw us coming, he knew we
were p
were pla
He saw us coming, he knew we
were plann
were plannin
He saw us coming, he knew we
were planning
were planning so
He saw us coming, he knew we
were planning some
were planning someth
He saw us coming, he knew we
were planning somethin
were planning something.
A
And
were planning something.
And i
And if
were planning something.
And if he
And if he's
were planning something.
And if he's a
And if he's ask
were planning something.
And if he's askin
And if he's asking
us
us t
And if he's asking
us to
us to do
And if he's asking
us to dock
us to dock..
And if he's asking
us to dock...
Y
Yea
us to dock...
Yeah,
Yeah, m
us to dock...
Yeah, mus
Yeah, must
us to dock...
Yeah, must be
Yeah, must be a
us to dock...
Yeah, must be a t
Yeah, must be a tra
us to dock...
Yeah, must be a trap.
W
We
Yeah, must be a trap.
We ha
We have
Yeah, must be a trap.
We have t
We have to
Yeah, must be a trap.
We have to ba
We have to back
Yeah, must be a trap.
We have to back o
We have to back off
an
and
We have to back off
and re
and regr
We have to back off
and regrou
and regroup.
N
No.
and regroup.
No. W
No. We'
and regroup.
No. We've
No. We've c
and regroup.
No. We've com
No. We've come
and regroup.
No. We've come al
No. We've come all
and regroup.
No. We've come all th
No. We've come all this
wa
way
No. We've come all this
way fo
way for
No. We've come all this
way for Li
way for Lian
No. We've come all this
way for Liana.
We
We'r
way for Liana.
We're
We're to
way for Liana.
We're too
We're too cl
way for Liana.
We're too clos
We're too close.
Y
Yea
We're too close.
Yeah.
Yeah. Y
We're too close.
Yeah. Yea
Yeah. Yeah,
We're too close.
Yeah. Yeah, w
Yeah. Yeah, we
We're too close.
Yeah. Yeah, we ha
Yeah. Yeah, we have
We're too close.
Yeah. Yeah, we have t
Yeah. Yeah, we have to
ge
get
Yeah. Yeah, we have to
get on
get on S
Yeah. Yeah, we have to
get on Sno
get on Snowp
Yeah. Yeah, we have to
get on Snowpie
get on Snowpierc
Yeah. Yeah, we have to
get on Snowpiercer
get on Snowpiercer..
Yeah. Yeah, we have to
get on Snowpiercer...
Bu
But
get on Snowpiercer...
But no
But not
get on Snowpiercer...
But not on
But not on t
get on Snowpiercer...
But not on the
But not on the A
get on Snowpiercer...
But not on the Adm
But not on the Admir
get on Snowpiercer...
But not on the Admiral
But not on the Admiral's
get on Snowpiercer...
But not on the Admiral's t
But not on the Admiral's ter
get on Snowpiercer...
But not on the Admiral's terms
But not on the Admiral's terms.
♪
.
...
...if
...if t
...if tha
...if that
...if that ex
...if that expl
...if that explos
...if that explosio
...if that explosion
...if that explosion th
...if that explosion theo
...if that explosion theory
is
is t
...if that explosion theory
is tru
is true,
...if that explosion theory
is true, y
is true, you
...if that explosion theory
is true, you t
is true, you thi
...if that explosion theory
is true, you think
is true, you think i
...if that explosion theory
is true, you think it'
is true, you think it's
a
a go
is true, you think it's
a good
a good i
is true, you think it's
a good ide
a good idea
is true, you think it's
a good idea fo
a good idea for
is true, you think it's
a good idea for pe
a good idea for peop
is true, you think it's
a good idea for people
a good idea for people t
is true, you think it's
a good idea for people to
wa
wand
a good idea for people to
wander
wander a
a good idea for people to
wander aro
wander aroun
a good idea for people to
wander around
wander around up
a good idea for people to
wander around up t
wander around up the
a good idea for people to
wander around up there
wander around up there?
I
I d
wander around up there?
I don
I don't
wander around up there?
I don't k
I don't kno
wander around up there?
I don't know.
Le
Let
I don't know.
Let ju
Let just
I don't know.
Let just g
Let just get
I don't know.
Let just get t
Let just get thi
I don't know.
Let just get this
Let just get this br
I don't know.
Let just get this brea
Let just get this breake
I don't know.
Let just get this breaker
Let just get this breaker ba
I don't know.
Let just get this breaker back
on
onli
Let just get this breaker back
online
online b
Let just get this breaker back
online bef
online befor
Let just get this breaker back
online before
online before we
Let just get this breaker back
online before we f
online before we fre
Let just get this breaker back
online before we freez
online before we freeze.
S
Syk
Sykes
Sykes:
Sykes: Yo
Sykes: You
Sykes: You kn
Sykes: You know
Sykes: You know,
Sykes: You know, yo
Sykes: You know, you
Sykes: You know, you di
Sykes: You know, you did
th
the
Sykes: You know, you did
the ri
the righ
Sykes: You know, you did
the right
the right th
Sykes: You know, you did
the right thin
the right thing
Sykes: You know, you did
the right thing up
the right thing up t
Sykes: You know, you did
the right thing up the
the right thing up there
Sykes: You know, you did
the right thing up there.
I'
I'm
the right thing up there.
I'm se
I'm seri
the right thing up there.
I'm seriou
I'm serious.
Pe
Peop
I'm serious.
People
People n
I'm serious.
People nee
People need
I'm serious.
People need to
People need to h
I'm serious.
People need to hea
People need to hear
I'm serious.
People need to hear th
People need to hear the
I'm serious.
People need to hear the tr
People need to hear the trut
I'm serious.
People need to hear the truth.
Y
Yea
People need to hear the truth.
Yeah,
Yeah, b
People need to hear the truth.
Yeah, but
Yeah, but t
People need to hear the truth.
Yeah, but tha
Yeah, but that'
People need to hear the truth.
Yeah, but that's
Yeah, but that's no
People need to hear the truth.
Yeah, but that's not
wh
what
Yeah, but that's not
what t
what the
Yeah, but that's not
what they
what they wa
Yeah, but that's not
what they want
what they want.
Wh
What
what they want.
What t
What the
what they want.
What they
What they wa
what they want.
What they want
What they want i
what they want.
What they want is
What they want is so
what they want.
What they want is some
What they want is someon
what they want.
What they want is someone
What they want is someone to
te
tell
What they want is someone to
tell t
tell the
What they want is someone to
tell them
tell them it
What they want is someone to
tell them it's
tell them it's g
What they want is someone to
tell them it's goi
tell them it's going
What they want is someone to
tell them it's going t
tell them it's going to
What they want is someone to
tell them it's going to be
tell them it's going to be o
What they want is someone to
tell them it's going to be oka
tell them it's going to be okay.
(D
(Doo
tell them it's going to be okay.
(Door
(Door sh
tell them it's going to be okay.
(Door shut
(Door shuts)
S
Syk
(Door shuts)
Sykes
Sykes:
(Door shuts)
Sykes: I
Sykes: I do
(Door shuts)
Sykes: I don'
Sykes: I don't
(Door shuts)
Sykes: I don't bl
Sykes: I don't blam
(Door shuts)
Sykes: I don't blame
Sykes: I don't blame 'e
(Door shuts)
Sykes: I don't blame 'em.
Y
Yea
Sykes: I don't blame 'em.
Yeah,
Yeah, m
Sykes: I don't blame 'em.
Yeah, me
Yeah, me ne
Sykes: I don't blame 'em.
Yeah, me neit
Yeah, me neithe
Sykes: I don't blame 'em.
Yeah, me neither.
Wh
When
Yeah, me neither.
When R
When Roc
Yeah, me neither.
When Roche
When Roche s
Yeah, me neither.
When Roche say
When Roche says
Yeah, me neither.
When Roche says it
When Roche says it,
Yeah, me neither.
When Roche says it, I
When Roche says it, I al
Yeah, me neither.
When Roche says it, I almo
When Roche says it, I almost
be
beli
When Roche says it, I almost
believ
believe
When Roche says it, I almost
believe it
believe it t
When Roche says it, I almost
believe it too
believe it too,
When Roche says it, I almost
believe it too, bu
believe it too, but
When Roche says it, I almost
believe it too, but wh
believe it too, but what
When Roche says it, I almost
believe it too, but what I
believe it too, but what I d
When Roche says it, I almost
believe it too, but what I do
kn
know
believe it too, but what I do
know i
know is
believe it too, but what I do
know is th
know is that
believe it too, but what I do
know is that i
know is that if
believe it too, but what I do
know is that if my
know is that if my l
believe it too, but what I do
know is that if my lif
know is that if my life
believe it too, but what I do
know is that if my life su
know is that if my life supp
believe it too, but what I do
know is that if my life suppor
know is that if my life support
wa
was
know is that if my life support
was on
was on t
know is that if my life support
was on the
was on the v
know is that if my life support
was on the ver
was on the verge
know is that if my life support
was on the verge o
was on the verge of
know is that if my life support
was on the verge of ru
was on the verge of runn
know is that if my life support
was on the verge of runnin
was on the verge of running
know is that if my life support
was on the verge of running ou
was on the verge of running out,
I'
I'd
was on the verge of running out,
I'd wa
I'd want
was on the verge of running out,
I'd want s
I'd want som
was on the verge of running out,
I'd want someo
I'd want someone
was on the verge of running out,
I'd want someone t
I'd want someone to
was on the verge of running out,
I'd want someone to gi
I'd want someone to give
was on the verge of running out,
I'd want someone to give m
I'd want someone to give me
a
a he
I'd want someone to give me
a head
a heads
I'd want someone to give me
a heads up
a heads up.
I
If
a heads up.
If yo
If you
a heads up.
If you gu
If you guys
a heads up.
If you guys a
If you guys are
a heads up.
If you guys are s
If you guys are str
a heads up.
If you guys are stret
If you guys are stretch
a heads up.
If you guys are stretched
th
thin
If you guys are stretched
thin,
thin, ma
If you guys are stretched
thin, mayb
thin, maybe
If you guys are stretched
thin, maybe yo
thin, maybe you
If you guys are stretched
thin, maybe you ne
thin, maybe you need
so
some
thin, maybe you need
some h
some hel
thin, maybe you need
some help
some help up
thin, maybe you need
some help up t
some help up the
thin, maybe you need
some help up there
some help up there.
I'
I'm
some help up there.
I'm ju
I'm just
some help up there.
I'm just s
I'm just say
some help up there.
I'm just sayin
I'm just saying,
some help up there.
I'm just saying, f
I'm just saying, fou
some help up there.
I'm just saying, four
I'm just saying, four of
some help up there.
I'm just saying, four of t
I'm just saying, four of the
si
six
I'm just saying, four of the
six co
six coun
I'm just saying, four of the
six counci
six council
I'm just saying, four of the
six council me
six council memb
I'm just saying, four of the
six council member
six council members
I'm just saying, four of the
six council members ar
six council members are
I'm just saying, four of the
six council members are go
six council members are gone
I'm just saying, four of the
six council members are gone..
six council members are gone...
N
No,
six council members are gone...
No, n
No, no,
six council members are gone...
No, no, n
No, no, no,
six council members are gone...
No, no, no, n
No, no, no, no,
six council members are gone...
No, no, no, no, l
No, no, no, no, lis
six council members are gone...
No, no, no, no, liste
No, no, no, no, listen.
I
I ne
No, no, no, no, listen.
I need
I need y
No, no, no, no, listen.
I need you
I need you t
No, no, no, no, listen.
I need you to
I need you to un
No, no, no, no, listen.
I need you to unde
I need you to unders
No, no, no, no, listen.
I need you to understa
I need you to understand
th
this
I need you to understand
this,
this, ok
I need you to understand
this, okay
this, okay?
I'
I'm
this, okay?
I'm no
I'm not
this, okay?
I'm not th
I'm not this
this, okay?
I'm not this h
I'm not this hel
this, okay?
I'm not this helpl
I'm not this helples
this, okay?
I'm not this helpless
I'm not this helpless li
this, okay?
I'm not this helpless litt
I'm not this helpless little
th
thin
I'm not this helpless little
thing
thing th
I'm not this helpless little
thing that
thing that n
I'm not this helpless little
thing that nee
thing that needs
I'm not this helpless little
thing that needs s
thing that needs sav
I'm not this helpless little
thing that needs savin
thing that needs saving.
No
Not
thing that needs saving.
Not an
Not anym
thing that needs saving.
Not anymor
Not anymore.
T
Tha
Not anymore.
That
That is
Not anymore.
That is n
That is not
Not anymore.
That is not w
That is not wha
Not anymore.
That is not what
That is not what I
Not anymore.
That is not what I me
That is not what I mean
Not anymore.
That is not what I meant-
That is not what I meant--
A
And
That is not what I meant--
And f
And for
That is not what I meant--
And for t
And for the
That is not what I meant--
And for the r
And for the rec
That is not what I meant--
And for the recor
And for the record,
That is not what I meant--
And for the record, I
And for the record, I d
That is not what I meant--
And for the record, I did
And for the record, I didn'
That is not what I meant--
And for the record, I didn't
ne
need
And for the record, I didn't
need y
need you
And for the record, I didn't
need you t
need you to
And for the record, I didn't
need you to sa
need you to save
And for the record, I didn't
need you to save m
need you to save me
And for the record, I didn't
need you to save me fr
need you to save me from
And for the record, I didn't
need you to save me from L
need you to save me from Lay
And for the record, I didn't
need you to save me from Layto
need you to save me from Layton.
I
I ha
need you to save me from Layton.
I had
I had th
need you to save me from Layton.
I had the
I had the si
need you to save me from Layton.
I had the situ
I had the situat
need you to save me from Layton.
I had the situatio
I had the situation
need you to save me from Layton.
I had the situation co
I had the situation cove
need you to save me from Layton.
I had the situation covere
I had the situation covered.
♪
I
I e
I exp
I expec
I expect
I expect a
I expect a ce
I expect a cert
I expect a certai
I expect a certain
I expect a certain de
I expect a certain degr
I expect a certain degree
I expect a certain degree o
I expect a certain degree of
in
insa
I expect a certain degree of
insani
insanity
I expect a certain degree of
insanity f
insanity fro
I expect a certain degree of
insanity from
insanity from yo
I expect a certain degree of
insanity from you,
insanity from you, b
I expect a certain degree of
insanity from you, but
insanity from you, but J
I expect a certain degree of
insanity from you, but Jos
insanity from you, but Josie
I expect a certain degree of
insanity from you, but Josie?
Co
Come
insanity from you, but Josie?
Come o
Come on.
T
Thi
Come on.
This
This pl
Come on.
This plan
This plan i
Come on.
This plan is
This plan is fa
Come on.
This plan is far
This plan is far to
Come on.
This plan is far too
This plan is far too ri
Come on.
This plan is far too risk
This plan is far too risky.
B
But
This plan is far too risky.
But l
But loo
This plan is far too risky.
But look,
But look, t
This plan is far too risky.
But look, the
But look, the k
This plan is far too risky.
But look, the key
But look, the key i
This plan is far too risky.
But look, the key is
But look, the key is we
This plan is far too risky.
But look, the key is we w
But look, the key is we won
This plan is far too risky.
But look, the key is we won't
ac
actu
But look, the key is we won't
actual
actually
But look, the key is we won't
actually c
actually con
But look, the key is we won't
actually conne
actually connect
But look, the key is we won't
actually connect t
actually connect to
But look, the key is we won't
actually connect to Sn
actually connect to Snow
But look, the key is we won't
actually connect to Snowpi
actually connect to Snowpier
But look, the key is we won't
actually connect to Snowpierce
actually connect to Snowpiercer
un
unti
actually connect to Snowpiercer
until
until we
actually connect to Snowpiercer
until we'v
until we've
actually connect to Snowpiercer
until we've re
until we've resc
actually connect to Snowpiercer
until we've rescue
until we've rescued
actually connect to Snowpiercer
until we've rescued Li
until we've rescued Lian
actually connect to Snowpiercer
until we've rescued Liana.
A
And
until we've rescued Liana.
And e
And eve
until we've rescued Liana.
And even
And even th
until we've rescued Liana.
And even then
And even then,
until we've rescued Liana.
And even then, on
And even then, only
until we've rescued Liana.
And even then, only l
And even then, only lon
until we've rescued Liana.
And even then, only long
en
enou
And even then, only long
enough
enough f
And even then, only long
enough for
enough for u
And even then, only long
enough for us
enough for us to
And even then, only long
enough for us to m
enough for us to mak
And even then, only long
enough for us to make
enough for us to make it
And even then, only long
enough for us to make it b
enough for us to make it bac
And even then, only long
enough for us to make it back.
I
I m
enough for us to make it back.
I mea
I mean,
enough for us to make it back.
I mean, d
I mean, dis
enough for us to make it back.
I mean, disco
I mean, disconn
enough for us to make it back.
I mean, disconnec
I mean, disconnecti
enough for us to make it back.
I mean, disconnecting
is
is p
I mean, disconnecting
is pos
is possi
I mean, disconnecting
is possibl
is possible,
I mean, disconnecting
is possible, r
is possible, rig
I mean, disconnecting
is possible, right
is possible, right?
It
It's
is possible, right?
It's j
It's jus
is possible, right?
It's just
It's just th
is possible, right?
It's just the
It's just the sa
is possible, right?
It's just the same
It's just the same m
is possible, right?
It's just the same mec
It's just the same mecha
is possible, right?
It's just the same mechani
It's just the same mechanics
bu
but
It's just the same mechanics
but in
but in r
It's just the same mechanics
but in rev
but in rever
It's just the same mechanics
but in reverse
but in reverse?
S
Sor
but in reverse?
Sorta
Sorta.
but in reverse?
Sorta. It
Sorta. It's
but in reverse?
Sorta. It's j
Sorta. It's jus
but in reverse?
Sorta. It's just
Sorta. It's just mu
but in reverse?
Sorta. It's just much
ha
hard
Sorta. It's just much
harder
harder b
Sorta. It's just much
harder bec
harder becau
Sorta. It's just much
harder because
harder because t
Sorta. It's just much
harder because thi
harder because this
Sorta. It's just much
harder because this ti
harder because this time
th
they
harder because this time
they'l
they'll
harder because this time
they'll kn
they'll know
harder because this time
they'll know w
they'll know we'
harder because this time
they'll know we're
they'll know we're t
harder because this time
they'll know we're the
they'll know we're there
harder because this time
they'll know we're there.
I
I do
they'll know we're there.
I don'
I don't
they'll know we're there.
I don't se
I don't see
they'll know we're there.
I don't see th
I don't see them
they'll know we're there.
I don't see them r
I don't see them rel
they'll know we're there.
I don't see them relea
I don't see them releasi
they'll know we're there.
I don't see them releasing
I don't see them releasing u
they'll know we're there.
I don't see them releasing us,
so
so i
I don't see them releasing us,
so it'
so it's
I don't see them releasing us,
so it's ma
so it's manu
I don't see them releasing us,
so it's manual
so it's manual o
I don't see them releasing us,
so it's manual ove
so it's manual overr
I don't see them releasing us,
so it's manual overrid
so it's manual override
I don't see them releasing us,
so it's manual override or
so it's manual override or b
I don't see them releasing us,
so it's manual override or bus
so it's manual override or bust.
S
So
so it's manual override or bust.
So we
So we'l
so it's manual override or bust.
So we'll
So we'll be
so it's manual override or bust.
So we'll be s
So we'll be stu
so it's manual override or bust.
So we'll be stuck
So we'll be stuck,
so it's manual override or bust.
So we'll be stuck, al
So we'll be stuck, alon
so it's manual override or bust.
So we'll be stuck, along
wi
with
So we'll be stuck, along
with N
with New
So we'll be stuck, along
with New E
with New Ede
So we'll be stuck, along
with New Eden'
with New Eden's
So we'll be stuck, along
with New Eden's li
with New Eden's life
So we'll be stuck, along
with New Eden's lifeli
with New Eden's lifeline
So we'll be stuck, along
with New Eden's lifeline?
W
We
with New Eden's lifeline?
We wo
We won'
with New Eden's lifeline?
We won't
We won't le
with New Eden's lifeline?
We won't let
We won't let th
with New Eden's lifeline?
We won't let them
ta
take
We won't let them
take B
take Big
We won't let them
take Big A
take Big Ali
We won't let them
take Big Alice
take Big Alice.
W
Wha
take Big Alice.
What
What if
take Big Alice.
What if s
What if som
take Big Alice.
What if somet
What if somethi
take Big Alice.
What if something
ha
happ
What if something
happen
happens
What if something
happens to
happens to y
What if something
happens to you
happens to you?
We
We w
happens to you?
We won
We won't
happens to you?
We won't h
We won't hav
happens to you?
We won't have
We won't have co
happens to you?
We won't have cont
We won't have contac
happens to you?
We won't have contact.
We
We w
We won't have contact.
We won
We won't
We won't have contact.
We won't k
We won't kno
We won't have contact.
We won't know.
I
I t
We won't know.
I tru
I trust
We won't know.
I trust y
I trust you
We won't know.
I trust you a
I trust you and
We won't know.
I trust you and A
I trust you and Ale
We won't know.
I trust you and Alex
wi
will
I trust you and Alex
will m
will mak
I trust you and Alex
will make
will make th
I trust you and Alex
will make the
will make the ri
I trust you and Alex
will make the righ
will make the right
I trust you and Alex
will make the right ca
will make the right call
I trust you and Alex
will make the right call.
(
(Si
(Sigh
(Sighs)
Le
Let'
(Sighs)
Let's
Let's no
(Sighs)
Let's not
Let's not ke
(Sighs)
Let's not keep
Let's not keep t
(Sighs)
Let's not keep the
Let's not keep the m
(Sighs)
Let's not keep the man
Let's not keep the man w
(Sighs)
Let's not keep the man wai
Let's not keep the man waiti
(Sighs)
Let's not keep the man waiting
Let's not keep the man waiting.
B
Big
Let's not keep the man waiting.
Big A
Big Ali
Let's not keep the man waiting.
Big Alice
Big Alice t
Let's not keep the man waiting.
Big Alice to
Big Alice to Sn
Let's not keep the man waiting.
Big Alice to Snow
Big Alice to Snowpi
Let's not keep the man waiting.
Big Alice to Snowpier
Big Alice to Snowpierce
Let's not keep the man waiting.
Big Alice to Snowpiercer,
co
come
Big Alice to Snowpiercer,
come i
come in.
Ad
Admi
come in.
Admira
Admiral,
come in.
Admiral, a
Admiral, are
come in.
Admiral, are y
Admiral, are you
come in.
Admiral, are you t
Admiral, are you the
come in.
Admiral, are you there
Admiral, are you there?
C
Cop
Copy.
Th
This
Copy.
This i
This is
Copy.
This is Sn
This is Snow
Copy.
This is Snowpi
This is Snowpier
Copy.
This is Snowpierce
This is Snowpiercer.
U
Uh,
This is Snowpiercer.
Uh, u
Uh, uh,
This is Snowpiercer.
Uh, uh, M
Uh, uh, Mil
This is Snowpiercer.
Uh, uh, Miles
Uh, uh, Miles?
This is Snowpiercer.
Uh, uh, Miles? Mi
Uh, uh, Miles? Mile
This is Snowpiercer.
Uh, uh, Miles? Miles?
Mi
Mile
Uh, uh, Miles? Miles?
Miles,
Miles, i
Uh, uh, Miles? Miles?
Miles, it'
Miles, it's
Uh, uh, Miles? Miles?
Miles, it's me
Miles, it's me.
M
Mom
Miles, it's me.
Mom?
I
I'm
Mom?
I'm c
I'm com
Mom?
I'm comin
I'm coming
Mom?
I'm coming to
I'm coming to g
Mom?
I'm coming to get
I'm coming to get y
Mom?
I'm coming to get you
I'm coming to get you.
We
We'r
I'm coming to get you.
We're
We're go
I'm coming to get you.
We're gonn
We're gonna
I'm coming to get you.
We're gonna ge
We're gonna get
I'm coming to get you.
We're gonna get yo
We're gonna get you
ou
out
We're gonna get you
out of
out of t
We're gonna get you
out of the
out of there
We're gonna get you
out of there--
J
Jos
out of there--
Josie
Josie.
out of there--
Josie. Jo
Josie. Jo..
out of there--
Josie. Jo...
T
Thi
This
This is
This is M
This is Mil
This is Miliu
This is Milius.
Wh
Who
This is Milius.
Who am
Who am I
This is Milius.
Who am I t
Who am I tal
This is Milius.
Who am I talki
Who am I talking
This is Milius.
Who am I talking t
Who am I talking to?
T
Thi
Who am I talking to?
This
This is
Who am I talking to?
This is L
This is Lay
Who am I talking to?
This is Layto
This is Layton.
Ju
Just
This is Layton.
Just s
Just see
This is Layton.
Just seein
Just seeing
This is Layton.
Just seeing if
Just seeing if y
This is Layton.
Just seeing if you
Just seeing if your
in
invi
Just seeing if your
invita
invitati
Just seeing if your
invitation
invitation s
Just seeing if your
invitation sti
invitation still
Just seeing if your
invitation still s
invitation still sta
Just seeing if your
invitation still stand
invitation still stands.
O
Of
invitation still stands.
Of co
Of cour
invitation still stands.
Of course
Of course.
Ap
Appr
Of course.
Apprec
Apprecia
Of course.
Appreciate
Appreciate y
Of course.
Appreciate you
Appreciate you c
Of course.
Appreciate you com
Appreciate you comin
Of course.
Appreciate you coming
to
to y
Appreciate you coming
to you
to your
Appreciate you coming
to your se
to your sens
Appreciate you coming
to your senses
to your senses.
Bi
Big
to your senses.
Big Al
Big Alic
to your senses.
Big Alice,
Big Alice, y
to your senses.
Big Alice, you
Big Alice, you a
to your senses.
Big Alice, you are
cl
clea
Big Alice, you are
cleare
cleared
Big Alice, you are
cleared fo
cleared for
Big Alice, you are
cleared for do
cleared for dock
Big Alice, you are
cleared for dockin
cleared for docking.
Yo
You
cleared for docking.
You le
You let
cleared for docking.
You let th
You let the
cleared for docking.
You let the ki
You let the kid
on
on t
You let the kid
on the
on the c
You let the kid
on the com
on the comms
You let the kid
on the comms,
on the comms, se
You let the kid
on the comms, seri
on the comms, seriou
You let the kid
on the comms, seriousl
on the comms, seriously?
I
I wa
I want
I want a
I want a d
I want a det
I want a detai
I want a detail
I want a detail po
I want a detail post
I want a detail posted
ou
outs
I want a detail posted
outsid
outside
I want a detail posted
outside Ag
outside Ag-S
I want a detail posted
outside Ag-Sec
outside Ag-Sec,
I want a detail posted
outside Ag-Sec, ey
outside Ag-Sec, eyes
on
on t
outside Ag-Sec, eyes
on tha
on that
outside Ag-Sec, eyes
on that do
on that door
outside Ag-Sec, eyes
on that door a
on that door at
outside Ag-Sec, eyes
on that door at al
on that door at all
outside Ag-Sec, eyes
on that door at all ti
on that door at all time
outside Ag-Sec, eyes
on that door at all times.
Y
You
You m
You mad
You made
You made co
You made cont
You made contac
You made contact
You made contact wi
You made contact with
You made contact with L
You made contact with Lay
You made contact with Layto
You made contact with Layton.
Is
Is,
You made contact with Layton.
Is, is
Is, is--
You made contact with Layton.
Is, is-- h
Is, is-- he'
You made contact with Layton.
Is, is-- he's
Is, is-- he's on
You made contact with Layton.
Is, is-- he's on h
Is, is-- he's on his
You made contact with Layton.
Is, is-- he's on his w
Is, is-- he's on his way
You made contact with Layton.
Is, is-- he's on his way?
H
He
Is, is-- he's on his way?
He is
He is.
Y
You
He is.
You,
You, yo
He is.
You, you
You, you re
He is.
You, you real
You, you realiz
He is.
You, you realize
wh
what
You, you realize
what h
what hap
You, you realize
what happe
what happens
You, you realize
what happens i
what happens if
You, you realize
what happens if yo
what happens if you
You, you realize
what happens if you tr
what happens if you trap
La
Layt
what happens if you trap
Layton
Layton i
what happens if you trap
Layton in
Layton in th
what happens if you trap
Layton in that
Layton in that l
what happens if you trap
Layton in that las
Layton in that last
what happens if you trap
Layton in that last ca
Layton in that last car.
I
I c
Layton in that last car.
I cal
I call
Layton in that last car.
I call it
I call it t
Layton in that last car.
I call it the
I call it the w
Layton in that last car.
I call it the wel
I call it the welco
Layton in that last car.
I call it the welcome
I call it the welcome w
Layton in that last car.
I call it the welcome wag
I call it the welcome wagon
Layton in that last car.
I call it the welcome wagon.
Ha
Has
I call it the welcome wagon.
Has a
Has a ni
I call it the welcome wagon.
Has a nice
Has a nice r
I call it the welcome wagon.
Has a nice rin
Has a nice ring
I call it the welcome wagon.
Has a nice ring to
Has a nice ring to i
I call it the welcome wagon.
Has a nice ring to it.
W
Wha
Has a nice ring to it.
What-
What--
Has a nice ring to it.
What-- yo
What-- you
Has a nice ring to it.
What-- you ca
What-- you can'
Has a nice ring to it.
What-- you can't
What-- you can't us
Has a nice ring to it.
What-- you can't use
th
the
What-- you can't use
the Ge
the Gemi
What-- you can't use
the Gemini
the Gemini v
What-- you can't use
the Gemini var
the Gemini varia
What-- you can't use
the Gemini variant
the Gemini variant t
What-- you can't use
the Gemini variant tha
the Gemini variant that
yo
your
the Gemini variant that
your p
your peo
the Gemini variant that
your peopl
your people
the Gemini variant that
your people in
your people inst
the Gemini variant that
your people instal
your people installe
the Gemini variant that
your people installed.
It
It,
your people installed.
It, it
It, it's
your people installed.
It, it's t
It, it's too
your people installed.
It, it's too t
It, it's too tox
your people installed.
It, it's too toxic
It, it's too toxic.
If
If y
It, it's too toxic.
If you
If you h
It, it's too toxic.
If you hur
If you hurt
It, it's too toxic.
If you hurt Me
If you hurt Mela
It, it's too toxic.
If you hurt Melani
If you hurt Melanie'
It, it's too toxic.
If you hurt Melanie's
If you hurt Melanie's pe
It, it's too toxic.
If you hurt Melanie's peop
If you hurt Melanie's people
It, it's too toxic.
If you hurt Melanie's people,
it
it v
If you hurt Melanie's people,
it vio
it viola
If you hurt Melanie's people,
it violate
it violates
If you hurt Melanie's people,
it violates ou
it violates our
If you hurt Melanie's people,
it violates our ag
it violates our agre
If you hurt Melanie's people,
it violates our agreem
it violates our agreemen
If you hurt Melanie's people,
it violates our agreement,
an
and
it violates our agreement,
and we
and we n
it violates our agreement,
and we nee
and we need
it violates our agreement,
and we need he
and we need her
it violates our agreement,
and we need her re
and we need her rese
it violates our agreement,
and we need her resear
and we need her research
it violates our agreement,
and we need her research.
W
We'
and we need her research.
We've
We've l
and we need her research.
We've los
We've lost
and we need her research.
We've lost 40
We've lost 40 w
and we need her research.
We've lost 40 wor
We've lost 40 worke
and we need her research.
We've lost 40 workers
in
in t
We've lost 40 workers
in the
in the r
We've lost 40 workers
in the ret
in the retro
We've lost 40 workers
in the retrofi
in the retrofit
We've lost 40 workers
in the retrofit al
in the retrofit alre
We've lost 40 workers
in the retrofit alread
in the retrofit already.
A
A fe
in the retrofit already.
A few
A few mo
in the retrofit already.
A few more
A few more w
in the retrofit already.
A few more won
A few more won't
in the retrofit already.
A few more won't m
A few more won't mak
in the retrofit already.
A few more won't make
a
a di
A few more won't make
a diff
a differ
A few more won't make
a differen
a difference
A few more won't make
a difference.
Le
Leav
a difference.
Leave
Leave th
a difference.
Leave the
Leave the st
a difference.
Leave the stra
Leave the strate
a difference.
Leave the strategy
Leave the strategy t
a difference.
Leave the strategy to
Leave the strategy to me
a difference.
Leave the strategy to me.
I
I d
I don
I don't
I don't u
I don't und
I don't under
I don't underst
I don't understan
I don't understand
yo
your
I don't understand
your,
your, uh
I don't understand
your, uh,
your, uh, st
I don't understand
your, uh, stra
your, uh, strate
I don't understand
your, uh, strategy
your, uh, strategy.
Yo
You
your, uh, strategy.
You ti
You tipp
your, uh, strategy.
You tipped
You tipped y
your, uh, strategy.
You tipped you
You tipped your
your, uh, strategy.
You tipped your ha
You tipped your hand
by
by r
You tipped your hand
by rea
by reach
You tipped your hand
by reachin
by reaching
You tipped your hand
by reaching ou
by reaching out
You tipped your hand
by reaching out to
by reaching out to L
You tipped your hand
by reaching out to Lay
by reaching out to Layto
You tipped your hand
by reaching out to Layton.
Ta
Tact
by reaching out to Layton.
Tactic
Tactical
by reaching out to Layton.
Tactically
Tactically,
by reaching out to Layton.
Tactically, yo
Tactically, you
by reaching out to Layton.
Tactically, you sh
Tactically, you shou
by reaching out to Layton.
Tactically, you should
Tactically, you should h
by reaching out to Layton.
Tactically, you should hav
Tactically, you should have
ju
just
Tactically, you should have
just l
just let
Tactically, you should have
just let h
just let him
Tactically, you should have
just let him w
just let him wal
Tactically, you should have
just let him walk
just let him walk in
Tactically, you should have
just let him walk into
th
the
just let him walk into
the tr
the trap
just let him walk into
the trap i
the trap ins
just let him walk into
the trap inste
the trap instead
just let him walk into
the trap instead.
(
(Ex
(Exha
(Exhale
(Exhales)
La
Layt
(Exhales)
Layton
Layton i
(Exhales)
Layton is
Layton is a
(Exhales)
Layton is a sm
Layton is a smar
(Exhales)
Layton is a smart
Layton is a smart ma
(Exhales)
Layton is a smart man,
bu
but
Layton is a smart man,
but he
but he's
Layton is a smart man,
but he's d
but he's des
Layton is a smart man,
but he's despe
but he's despera
Layton is a smart man,
but he's desperate
but he's desperate.
So
So,
but he's desperate.
So, ta
So, tact
but he's desperate.
So, tactic
So, tactical
but he's desperate.
So, tactically
So, tactically,
but he's desperate.
So, tactically, I
So, tactically, I le
but he's desperate.
So, tactically, I let
So, tactically, I let hi
but he's desperate.
So, tactically, I let him
So, tactically, I let him ha
but he's desperate.
So, tactically, I let him have
ho
hope
So, tactically, I let him have
hope,
hope, a
So, tactically, I let him have
hope, a si
hope, a simp
So, tactically, I let him have
hope, a simple
hope, a simple p
So, tactically, I let him have
hope, a simple pat
hope, a simple path
So, tactically, I let him have
hope, a simple path to
hope, a simple path to g
So, tactically, I let him have
hope, a simple path to get
hope, a simple path to getti
So, tactically, I let him have
hope, a simple path to getting
hi
his
hope, a simple path to getting
his ki
his kid
hope, a simple path to getting
his kid ba
his kid back
hope, a simple path to getting
his kid back,
his kid back, be
hope, a simple path to getting
his kid back, beca
his kid back, becaus
hope, a simple path to getting
his kid back, because
his kid back, because we
hope, a simple path to getting
his kid back, because we b
his kid back, because we bot
hope, a simple path to getting
his kid back, because we both
kn
know
his kid back, because we both
know w
know wha
his kid back, because we both
know what
know what a
his kid back, because we both
know what a li
know what a litt
his kid back, because we both
know what a little
know what a little h
his kid back, because we both
know what a little hop
know what a little hope
his kid back, because we both
know what a little hope wo
know what a little hope woul
his kid back, because we both
know what a little hope would
do
do t
know what a little hope would
do to
do to de
know what a little hope would
do to desp
do to desper
know what a little hope would
do to desperat
do to desperate
know what a little hope would
do to desperate pe
do to desperate peop
know what a little hope would
do to desperate people
do to desperate people.
Is
Isn'
do to desperate people.
Isn't
Isn't th
do to desperate people.
Isn't that
Isn't that r
do to desperate people.
Isn't that rig
Isn't that right
do to desperate people.
Isn't that right,
Isn't that right, Ni
do to desperate people.
Isn't that right, Nima
Isn't that right, Nima?
We
We a
We are
We are i
We are in
We are in th
We are in this
We are in this p
We are in this pre
We are in this predi
We are in this predica
We are in this predicame
We are in this predicament
be
beca
We are in this predicament
becaus
because
We are in this predicament
because of
because of y
We are in this predicament
because of you
because of you a
We are in this predicament
because of you and
because of you and y
We are in this predicament
because of you and you
because of you and your
We are in this predicament
because of you and your fr
because of you and your frie
We are in this predicament
because of you and your friend
because of you and your friends,
bu
but
because of you and your friends,
but I
but I ca
because of you and your friends,
but I can'
but I can't
because of you and your friends,
but I can't ge
but I can't get
because of you and your friends,
but I can't get us
but I can't get us o
because of you and your friends,
but I can't get us out
but I can't get us out o
because of you and your friends,
but I can't get us out of
but I can't get us out of it
un
unti
but I can't get us out of it
until
until yo
but I can't get us out of it
until you
until you le
but I can't get us out of it
until you lear
until you learn
but I can't get us out of it
until you learn to
until you learn to r
but I can't get us out of it
until you learn to res
until you learn to respe
but I can't get us out of it
until you learn to respect
ch
chai
until you learn to respect
chain
chain of
until you learn to respect
chain of c
chain of com
until you learn to respect
chain of comma
chain of command
until you learn to respect
chain of command.
So
So d
chain of command.
So dro
So drop
chain of command.
So drop an
So drop and
chain of command.
So drop and gi
So drop and give
chain of command.
So drop and give m
So drop and give me
chain of command.
So drop and give me 20
So drop and give me 20.
P
Pus
So drop and give me 20.
Push-
Push-up
So drop and give me 20.
Push-ups?
Yo
You'
You're
You're n
You're not
You're not s
You're not ser
You're not serio
You're not serious
You're not serious.
T
Tha
You're not serious.
That'
That's
You're not serious.
That's ri
That's righ
You're not serious.
That's right.
Gi
Give
That's right.
Give m
Give me
That's right.
Give me 20
Give me 20.
Le
Let'
Let's
Let's go
Let's go!
We
We d
Let's go!
We don
We don't
Let's go!
We don't h
We don't hav
Let's go!
We don't have
We don't have al
Let's go!
We don't have all
We don't have all da
Let's go!
We don't have all day.
Le
Let'
We don't have all day.
Let's
Let's do
We don't have all day.
Let's do i
Let's do it!
♪
(Nima grunting)
Admiral: One.
♪
Two.
(
(Gr
(Grun
(Grunts
(Grunts)
L
Lie
(Grunts)
Lieut
Lieuten
(Grunts)
Lieutenan
Lieutenant,
wa
was
Lieutenant,
was th
was that
Lieutenant,
was that g
was that goo
Lieutenant,
was that good
was that good fo
Lieutenant,
was that good form
was that good form?
N
No,
was that good form?
No, s
No, sir
was that good form?
No, sir.
N
No,
No, sir.
No, I
No, I d
No, sir.
No, I did
No, I didn'
No, sir.
No, I didn't
No, I didn't th
No, sir.
No, I didn't thin
No, I didn't think
No, sir.
No, I didn't think so
No, I didn't think so e
No, sir.
No, I didn't think so eit
No, I didn't think so eithe
No, sir.
No, I didn't think so either.
Th
That
No, I didn't think so either.
That l
That las
No, I didn't think so either.
That last
That last on
No, I didn't think so either.
That last one
That last one di
No, I didn't think so either.
That last one didn
That last one didn't
No, I didn't think so either.
That last one didn't c
That last one didn't cou
No, I didn't think so either.
That last one didn't count
That last one didn't count.
Ch
Ches
That last one didn't count.
Chest
Chest al
That last one didn't count.
Chest all
Chest all th
That last one didn't count.
Chest all the
Chest all the wa
That last one didn't count.
Chest all the way
Chest all the way to
That last one didn't count.
Chest all the way to t
Chest all the way to the
That last one didn't count.
Chest all the way to the f
Chest all the way to the flo
That last one didn't count.
Chest all the way to the floor
Chest all the way to the floor.
Th
Thre
Chest all the way to the floor.
Three.
Three...
Th
Thre
Three...
Three.
I
I ta
I take
I take n
I take no
I take no jo
I take no joy
I take no joy in
I take no joy in t
I take no joy in thi
I take no joy in this.
Co
Cons
I take no joy in this.
Consid
Consider
I take no joy in this.
Consider i
Consider it
I take no joy in this.
Consider it a
Consider it a re
I take no joy in this.
Consider it a remi
Consider it a remind
I take no joy in this.
Consider it a reminder
Consider it a reminder o
I take no joy in this.
Consider it a reminder of
ho
how
Consider it a reminder of
how th
how this
Consider it a reminder of
how this p
how this par
Consider it a reminder of
how this partn
how this partner
Consider it a reminder of
how this partnersh
how this partnership
Consider it a reminder of
how this partnership w
how this partnership wor
Consider it a reminder of
how this partnership works
how this partnership works.
B
Ben
Ben:
Ben: Uh
Ben: Uh,
Ben: Uh, yo
Ben: Uh, your
Ben: Uh, your t
Ben: Uh, your tur
Ben: Uh, your turn.
Uh
Uh,
Uh, fa
Uh, favo
Uh, favour
Uh, favourit
Uh, favourite
Uh, favourite mo
Uh, favourite movi
Uh, favourite movie?
Ti
Till
Uh, favourite movie?
Till!
(B
(Ban
Till!
(Bangi
(Banging
Till!
(Banging)
Co
Come
(Banging)
Come o
Come on,
(Banging)
Come on, f
Come on, fav
(Banging)
Come on, favou
Come on, favouri
(Banging)
Come on, favourite
Come on, favourite m
(Banging)
Come on, favourite mov
Come on, favourite movie
(Banging)
Come on, favourite movie.
Y
You
Come on, favourite movie.
You a
You ask
Come on, favourite movie.
You asked
You asked t
Come on, favourite movie.
You asked tha
You asked that
Come on, favourite movie.
You asked that al
You asked that alre
Come on, favourite movie.
You asked that alread
You asked that already.
Tw
Twic
You asked that already.
Twice.
It
It's
Twice.
It's s
It's sti
Twice.
It's still
It's still R
Twice.
It's still Rob
It's still RoboC
Twice.
It's still RoboCop
It's still RoboCop.
Y
Yea
It's still RoboCop.
Yeah,
Yeah, R
It's still RoboCop.
Yeah, Rob
Yeah, RoboC
It's still RoboCop.
Yeah, RoboCop
Yeah, RoboCop.
Uh
Uh..
Yeah, RoboCop.
Uh...
dr
drea
Uh...
dream
dream va
Uh...
dream vaca
dream vacati
Uh...
dream vacation
dream vacation?
O
Oka
dream vacation?
Okay.
Okay. H
dream vacation?
Okay. Hea
Okay. Hear
dream vacation?
Okay. Hear me
Okay. Hear me o
dream vacation?
Okay. Hear me out
Okay. Hear me out.
Ne
New
Okay. Hear me out.
New Ed
New Eden
Okay. Hear me out.
New Eden.
Y
You
New Eden.
Your
Your fa
New Eden.
Your fant
Your fantas
New Eden.
Your fantasy
Your fantasy ge
New Eden.
Your fantasy geta
Your fantasy getawa
New Eden.
Your fantasy getaway
Your fantasy getaway is
a
a ha
Your fantasy getaway is
a half
a half-f
Your fantasy getaway is
a half-fro
a half-froze
Your fantasy getaway is
a half-frozen
a half-frozen ou
Your fantasy getaway is
a half-frozen outp
a half-frozen outpos
Your fantasy getaway is
a half-frozen outpost?
T
Til
a half-frozen outpost?
Till:
Till: Y
a half-frozen outpost?
Till: Yup
Till: Yup.
(
(Ch
Till: Yup.
(Chuc
(Chuckl
Till: Yup.
(Chuckles
(Chuckles)
Is
Is t
(Chuckles)
Is tha
Is that
(Chuckles)
Is that be
Is that beca
(Chuckles)
Is that becaus
Is that because
(Chuckles)
Is that because yo
Is that because you
(Chuckles)
Is that because you ar
Is that because you are
(Chuckles)
Is that because you are mi
Is that because you are miss
(Chuckles)
Is that because you are missin
Is that because you are missing
a
a ce
Is that because you are missing
a cert
a certai
Is that because you are missing
a certain
a certain Ni
Is that because you are missing
a certain Nigh
a certain Nightc
Is that because you are missing
a certain Nightcar
a certain Nightcar s
Is that because you are missing
a certain Nightcar sin
a certain Nightcar singe
Is that because you are missing
a certain Nightcar singer?
T
Til
a certain Nightcar singer?
Till:
Till: Y
a certain Nightcar singer?
Till: Yea
Till: Yeah.
O
Or
Till: Yeah.
Or is
Or is i
Till: Yeah.
Or is it
Or is it be
Till: Yeah.
Or is it beca
Or is it becaus
Till: Yeah.
Or is it because
Or is it because yo
Till: Yeah.
Or is it because you'
Or is it because you've
go
gone
Or is it because you've
gone c
gone com
Or is it because you've
gone compl
gone complet
Or is it because you've
gone completel
gone completely
Or is it because you've
gone completely ma
gone completely mad?
D
Don
gone completely mad?
Don't
Don't y
gone completely mad?
Don't you
Don't you e
gone completely mad?
Don't you eve
Don't you ever
gone completely mad?
Don't you ever pl
Don't you ever play
gone completely mad?
Don't you ever play w
Don't you ever play wha
gone completely mad?
Don't you ever play what
Don't you ever play what if
gone completely mad?
Don't you ever play what if,
as
as i
Don't you ever play what if,
as in,
as in, y
Don't you ever play what if,
as in, you
as in, you k
Don't you ever play what if,
as in, you kno
as in, you know,
Don't you ever play what if,
as in, you know, w
as in, you know, wha
Don't you ever play what if,
as in, you know, what
as in, you know, what if
Don't you ever play what if,
as in, you know, what if y
as in, you know, what if you
go
got
as in, you know, what if you
got of
got off
as in, you know, what if you
got off th
got off this
as in, you know, what if you
got off this g
got off this god
as in, you know, what if you
got off this godda
got off this goddamn
as in, you know, what if you
got off this goddamn t
got off this goddamn tra
as in, you know, what if you
got off this goddamn train
an
and
got off this goddamn train
and go
and gott
got off this goddamn train
and gotta
and gotta st
got off this goddamn train
and gotta star
and gotta start
got off this goddamn train
and gotta start ov
and gotta start over
got off this goddamn train
and gotta start over?
Ar
Aren
and gotta start over?
Aren't
Aren't y
and gotta start over?
Aren't you
Aren't you j
and gotta start over?
Aren't you jus
Aren't you just
and gotta start over?
Aren't you just a
Aren't you just a li
and gotta start over?
Aren't you just a litt
Aren't you just a little
and gotta start over?
Aren't you just a little b
Aren't you just a little bit
cu
curi
Aren't you just a little bit
curiou
curious
Aren't you just a little bit
curious ab
curious abou
Aren't you just a little bit
curious about
curious about wh
Aren't you just a little bit
curious about what
curious about what t
Aren't you just a little bit
curious about what the
curious about what the f
Aren't you just a little bit
curious about what the fus
curious about what the fuss
Aren't you just a little bit
curious about what the fuss is
curious about what the fuss is?
O
Of
curious about what the fuss is?
Of co
Of cour
curious about what the fuss is?
Of course
Of course,
curious about what the fuss is?
Of course, I'
Of course, I'm
curious about what the fuss is?
Of course, I'm cu
Of course, I'm curi
curious about what the fuss is?
Of course, I'm curiou
Of course, I'm curious,
bu
but
Of course, I'm curious,
but I
but I ca
Of course, I'm curious,
but I can'
but I can't
Of course, I'm curious,
but I can't pl
but I can't play
Of course, I'm curious,
but I can't play w
but I can't play wha
Of course, I'm curious,
but I can't play what
but I can't play what if
wi
with
but I can't play what if
with l
with lif
but I can't play what if
with life
with life ch
but I can't play what if
with life choi
with life choice
but I can't play what if
with life choices.
I
I ke
with life choices.
I keep
I keep i
with life choices.
I keep it
I keep it to
with life choices.
I keep it to t
I keep it to the
with life choices.
I keep it to the e
I keep it to the eng
with life choices.
I keep it to the engin
I keep it to the enginee
with life choices.
I keep it to the engineeri
I keep it to the engineering
st
stuf
I keep it to the engineering
stuff,
stuff, l
I keep it to the engineering
stuff, lik
stuff, like
I keep it to the engineering
stuff, like wh
stuff, like what
I keep it to the engineering
stuff, like what i
stuff, like what if
I keep it to the engineering
stuff, like what if I
stuff, like what if I pu
I keep it to the engineering
stuff, like what if I push
th
that
stuff, like what if I push
that b
that but
stuff, like what if I push
that butto
that button,
stuff, like what if I push
that button, a
that button, and
stuff, like what if I push
that button, and w
that button, and wha
stuff, like what if I push
that button, and what
that button, and what if
I
I pu
that button, and what if
I pull
I pull t
that button, and what if
I pull tha
I pull that
that button, and what if
I pull that le
I pull that leve
that button, and what if
I pull that lever?
Th
The
I pull that lever?
The ot
The othe
I pull that lever?
The other
The other ki
I pull that lever?
The other kind
The other kind o
I pull that lever?
The other kind of
The other kind of wh
I pull that lever?
The other kind of what
The other kind of what-i
I pull that lever?
The other kind of what-ifs
on
only
The other kind of what-ifs
only e
only end
The other kind of what-ifs
only end u
only end up
The other kind of what-ifs
only end up in
only end up in r
The other kind of what-ifs
only end up in reg
only end up in regre
The other kind of what-ifs
only end up in regret.
(K
(Kno
(Knock
(Knockin
(Knocking)
H
Hey
(Knocking)
Hey,
Hey, I,
(Knocking)
Hey, I, I
Hey, I, I n
(Knocking)
Hey, I, I nee
Hey, I, I need
(Knocking)
Hey, I, I need yo
Hey, I, I need your
(Knocking)
Hey, I, I need your h
Hey, I, I need your hel
(Knocking)
Hey, I, I need your help.
P
Pis
Hey, I, I need your help.
Piss
Piss of
Hey, I, I need your help.
Piss off.
T
Tel
Piss off.
Tell
Tell me
Piss off.
Tell me t
Tell me the
Piss off.
Tell me the f
Tell me the fas
Piss off.
Tell me the faste
Tell me the fastest
Piss off.
Tell me the fastest w
Tell me the fastest way
to
to d
Tell me the fastest way
to dis
to disab
Tell me the fastest way
to disable
to disable t
Tell me the fastest way
to disable the
to disable the g
Tell me the fastest way
to disable the gas
in
in t
to disable the gas
in the
in the l
to disable the gas
in the las
in the last
to disable the gas
in the last ca
in the last car
to disable the gas
in the last car no
in the last car now.
A
And
in the last car now.
And y
And you
in the last car now.
And you t
And you tel
in the last car now.
And you tell
And you tell me
in the last car now.
And you tell me s
And you tell me som
in the last car now.
And you tell me somet
And you tell me somethi
in the last car now.
And you tell me something
And you tell me something.
Wh
Why
And you tell me something.
Why do
Why do y
And you tell me something.
Why do you
Why do you t
And you tell me something.
Why do you thi
Why do you think
And you tell me something.
Why do you think I
Why do you think I w
And you tell me something.
Why do you think I wou
Why do you think I would
ca
care
Why do you think I would
care a
care abo
Why do you think I would
care about
care about a
Why do you think I would
care about any
care about anyth
Why do you think I would
care about anythin
care about anything
Why do you think I would
care about anything th
care about anything that
yo
you
care about anything that
you ne
you need
care about anything that
you need r
you need rig
care about anything that
you need right
you need right n
care about anything that
you need right now
you need right now?
Y
You
you need right now?
Your
Your fr
you need right now?
Your frie
Your friend
you need right now?
Your friends
Your friends on
you need right now?
Your friends on t
Your friends on the
you need right now?
Your friends on the o
Your friends on the oth
you need right now?
Your friends on the other
tr
trai
Your friends on the other
train
train ar
Your friends on the other
train are
train are co
Your friends on the other
train are comi
train are coming
Your friends on the other
train are coming.
T
Til
train are coming.
Till:
Till: L
train are coming.
Till: Lay
Till: Layto
train are coming.
Till: Layton?
Y
Yes
Till: Layton?
Yes.
Bu
But
Yes.
But th
But the
Yes.
But the ch
But the chem
Yes.
But the chemic
But the chemical
Yes.
But the chemical c
But the chemical com
Yes.
But the chemical compo
But the chemical compoun
Yes.
But the chemical compound
th
that
But the chemical compound
that's
that's w
But the chemical compound
that's wai
that's waiti
But the chemical compound
that's waiting
that's waiting f
But the chemical compound
that's waiting for
that's waiting for t
But the chemical compound
that's waiting for the
that's waiting for them
But the chemical compound
that's waiting for them wi
that's waiting for them will
do
do m
that's waiting for them will
do mor
do more
that's waiting for them will
do more th
do more than
that's waiting for them will
do more than j
do more than jus
that's waiting for them will
do more than just
do more than just re
that's waiting for them will
do more than just rend
do more than just render
that's waiting for them will
do more than just render t
do more than just render the
that's waiting for them will
do more than just render them
un
unco
do more than just render them
uncons
unconsci
do more than just render them
unconsciou
unconscious,
do more than just render them
unconscious, d
unconscious, do
do more than just render them
unconscious, do yo
unconscious, do you
do more than just render them
unconscious, do you un
unconscious, do you unde
do more than just render them
unconscious, do you unders
unconscious, do you understa
do more than just render them
unconscious, do you understand
unconscious, do you understand?
N
Nim
unconscious, do you understand?
Nima,
Nima, d
unconscious, do you understand?
Nima, do
Nima, do no
unconscious, do you understand?
Nima, do not
Nima, do not do
unconscious, do you understand?
Nima, do not do t
Nima, do not do thi
unconscious, do you understand?
Nima, do not do this.
W
Wel
Nima, do not do this.
Well,
Well, i
Nima, do not do this.
Well, it'
Well, it's
Nima, do not do this.
Well, it's no
Well, it's not
Nima, do not do this.
Well, it's not me
Well, it's not me.
It
It's
Well, it's not me.
It's t
It's the
Well, it's not me.
It's the A
It's the Adm
Well, it's not me.
It's the Admir
It's the Admiral
Well, it's not me.
It's the Admiral,
It's the Admiral, bu
Well, it's not me.
It's the Admiral, but
It's the Admiral, but I
Well, it's not me.
It's the Admiral, but I ca
It's the Admiral, but I can
Well, it's not me.
It's the Admiral, but I can he
It's the Admiral, but I can help
if
if y
It's the Admiral, but I can help
if you
if you t
It's the Admiral, but I can help
if you tel
if you tell
It's the Admiral, but I can help
if you tell me
if you tell me h
It's the Admiral, but I can help
if you tell me how
if you tell me how t
It's the Admiral, but I can help
if you tell me how to
if you tell me how to di
It's the Admiral, but I can help
if you tell me how to disa
if you tell me how to disabl
It's the Admiral, but I can help
if you tell me how to disable
th
the
if you tell me how to disable
the tr
the trap
if you tell me how to disable
the trap.
the trap. Qu
if you tell me how to disable
the trap. Quic
the trap. Quickl
if you tell me how to disable
the trap. Quickly.
Y
You
the trap. Quickly.
You w
You wan
the trap. Quickly.
You want
You want to
the trap. Quickly.
You want to c
You want to cut
th
the
You want to cut
the po
the powe
You want to cut
the power
the power to
You want to cut
the power to t
the power to the
You want to cut
the power to the p
the power to the pan
You want to cut
the power to the panel
the power to the panel.
Th
Ther
the power to the panel.
There'
There's
the power to the panel.
There's a
There's a ci
the power to the panel.
There's a circ
There's a circui
the power to the panel.
There's a circuit
There's a circuit br
the power to the panel.
There's a circuit brea
There's a circuit breake
the power to the panel.
There's a circuit breaker
in
in t
There's a circuit breaker
in the
in the s
There's a circuit breaker
in the sub
in the subtr
There's a circuit breaker
in the subtrai
in the subtrain
There's a circuit breaker
in the subtrain ca
in the subtrain car.
Pl
Plea
in the subtrain car.
Please
Please,
in the subtrain car.
Please, Ni
Please, Nima
in the subtrain car.
Please, Nima,
Please, Nima, li
in the subtrain car.
Please, Nima, list
Please, Nima, listen
in the subtrain car.
Please, Nima, listen t
Please, Nima, listen to
in the subtrain car.
Please, Nima, listen to me
Please, Nima, listen to me.
Do
Do n
Please, Nima, listen to me.
Do not
Do not h
Please, Nima, listen to me.
Do not hur
Do not hurt
Please, Nima, listen to me.
Do not hurt th
Do not hurt them
Please, Nima, listen to me.
Do not hurt them.
(Door rumbling)
P
Pul
Pulli
Pulling
Pulling i
Pulling int
Pulling into
Pulling into ra
Pulling into rang
Pulling into range.
L
Lay
Pulling into range.
Layto
Layton:
Pulling into range.
Layton: (
Layton: (On
Pulling into range.
Layton: (On s
Layton: (On spe
Pulling into range.
Layton: (On speak
Layton: (On speaker
Pulling into range.
Layton: (On speaker)
Layton: (On speaker) Co
Pulling into range.
Layton: (On speaker) Copy
Layton: (On speaker) Copy.
Ma
Maki
Layton: (On speaker) Copy.
Making
Making o
Layton: (On speaker) Copy.
Making our
Making our w
Layton: (On speaker) Copy.
Making our way
Making our way t
Layton: (On speaker) Copy.
Making our way to
Making our way to th
Layton: (On speaker) Copy.
Making our way to the
Making our way to the ma
Layton: (On speaker) Copy.
Making our way to the mark
Making our way to the mark.
H
How
Making our way to the mark.
How's
How's t
Making our way to the mark.
How's the
How's the v
Making our way to the mark.
How's the vie
How's the view?
L
Lay
How's the view?
Layto
Layton:
How's the view?
Layton: No
Layton: Not
How's the view?
Layton: Not ba
Layton: Not bad,
bu
but
Layton: Not bad,
but I'
but I'm
Layton: Not bad,
but I'm st
but I'm star
Layton: Not bad,
but I'm starti
but I'm starting
Layton: Not bad,
but I'm starting t
but I'm starting to
Layton: Not bad,
but I'm starting to th
but I'm starting to thin
Layton: Not bad,
but I'm starting to think
th
this
but I'm starting to think
this i
this ide
but I'm starting to think
this idea
this idea so
but I'm starting to think
this idea soun
this idea sounde
but I'm starting to think
this idea sounded
this idea sounded a
but I'm starting to think
this idea sounded a lo
this idea sounded a lot
but I'm starting to think
this idea sounded a lot be
this idea sounded a lot bett
but I'm starting to think
this idea sounded a lot better
fr
from
this idea sounded a lot better
from i
from ins
this idea sounded a lot better
from insid
from inside
this idea sounded a lot better
from inside th
from inside the
this idea sounded a lot better
from inside the tr
from inside the trai
this idea sounded a lot better
from inside the train.
♪
(W
(Who
(Whoos
(Whoosh)
♪
N
No,
No, n
No, no,
No, no, n
No, no, no,
No, no, no, n
No, no, no, no,
No, no, no, no, n
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no...
Yo
You
No, no, no, no, no...
You ha
You have
No, no, no, no, no...
You have n
You have no
No, no, no, no, no...
You have no id
You have no idea
No, no, no, no, no...
You have no idea w
You have no idea wha
No, no, no, no, no...
You have no idea what,
wh
what
You have no idea what,
what y
what you
You have no idea what,
what you'r
what you're
You have no idea what,
what you're do
what you're doin
You have no idea what,
what you're doing!
S
Sno
what you're doing!
Snowp
Snowpie
what you're doing!
Snowpierc
Snowpiercer
what you're doing!
Snowpiercer t
Snowpiercer to
what you're doing!
Snowpiercer to Bi
Snowpiercer to Big
what you're doing!
Snowpiercer to Big Al
Snowpiercer to Big Alic
what you're doing!
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
Yo
You'
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
You're
You're i
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
You're in
You're in po
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
You're in posi
You're in positi
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
You're in position
You're in position f
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
You're in position for
You're in position for d
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
You're in position for doc
You're in position for docki
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
You're in position for docking
You're in position for docking.
Wh
What
You're in position for docking.
What's
What's t
You're in position for docking.
What's the
What's the h
You're in position for docking.
What's the hol
What's the holdu
You're in position for docking.
What's the holdup?
♪
C
Cop
Copy,
Copy, A
Copy, Adm
Copy, Admir
Copy, Admiral
Copy, Admiral.
We
We'r
Copy, Admiral.
We're
We're ex
Copy, Admiral.
We're expe
We're experi
Copy, Admiral.
We're experien
We're experienci
Copy, Admiral.
We're experiencing
We're experiencing t
Copy, Admiral.
We're experiencing tec
We're experiencing techn
Copy, Admiral.
We're experiencing technic
We're experiencing technical
di
diff
We're experiencing technical
diffic
difficul
We're experiencing technical
difficulti
difficulties
We're experiencing technical
difficulties w
difficulties wit
We're experiencing technical
difficulties with
difficulties with th
We're experiencing technical
difficulties with the
co
coup
difficulties with the
coupli
coupling
difficulties with the
coupling m
coupling mec
difficulties with the
coupling mecha
coupling mechani
difficulties with the
coupling mechanism
coupling mechanism.
C
Car
coupling mechanism.
Care
Care to
coupling mechanism.
Care to s
Care to spe
coupling mechanism.
Care to speci
Care to specify
coupling mechanism.
Care to specify?
M
Mis
Care to specify?
Misal
Misalig
Care to specify?
Misalignm
Misalignmen
Care to specify?
Misalignment.
Se
Seco
Misalignment.
Second
Secondar
Misalignment.
Secondary
Secondary su
Misalignment.
Secondary susp
Secondary suspen
Misalignment.
Secondary suspensi
Secondary suspension
Misalignment.
Secondary suspension.
It
It's
Secondary suspension.
It's b
It's bad
Secondary suspension.
It's bad.
O
Of
It's bad.
Of co
Of cour
It's bad.
Of course
Of course.
We
We'v
Of course.
We've
We've pi
Of course.
We've pinp
We've pinpoi
Of course.
We've pinpoint
We've pinpointed
Of course.
We've pinpointed a
We've pinpointed a m
Of course.
We've pinpointed a mis
We've pinpointed a misal
Of course.
We've pinpointed a misalig
We've pinpointed a misalignm
Of course.
We've pinpointed a misalignmen
We've pinpointed a misalignment
wi
with
We've pinpointed a misalignment
within
within t
We've pinpointed a misalignment
within the
within the s
We've pinpointed a misalignment
within the sec
within the secon
We've pinpointed a misalignment
within the seconda
within the secondary
We've pinpointed a misalignment
within the secondary s
within the secondary sus
We've pinpointed a misalignment
within the secondary suspe
within the secondary suspens
We've pinpointed a misalignment
within the secondary suspensio
within the secondary suspension,
wh
whic
within the secondary suspension,
which
which co
within the secondary suspension,
which coul
which could
within the secondary suspension,
which could ca
which could caus
within the secondary suspension,
which could cause
which could cause me
within the secondary suspension,
which could cause mech
which could cause mechan
within the secondary suspension,
which could cause mechanic
which could cause mechanical
fa
fail
which could cause mechanical
failur
failure
which could cause mechanical
failure if
failure if n
which could cause mechanical
failure if not
failure if not r
which could cause mechanical
failure if not rec
failure if not recal
which could cause mechanical
failure if not recalib
failure if not recalibra
which could cause mechanical
failure if not recalibrate
failure if not recalibrated.
R
Rep
failure if not recalibrated.
Repla
Replace
failure if not recalibrated.
Replace r
Replace rot
failure if not recalibrated.
Replace rotar
Replace rotary
failure if not recalibrated.
Replace rotary ar
Replace rotary arm.
Re
Rest
Replace rotary arm.
Restar
Restart.
By
Bye.
B
But
Bye.
But o
But onc
Bye.
But once
But once we
Bye.
But once we'v
But once we've
Bye.
But once we've re
But once we've repl
Bye.
But once we've replac
But once we've replaced
th
the
But once we've replaced
the ro
the rota
But once we've replaced
the rotary
the rotary a
But once we've replaced
the rotary arm
the rotary arm,
But once we've replaced
the rotary arm, we
the rotary arm, we w
But once we've replaced
the rotary arm, we wil
the rotary arm, we will
re
rest
the rotary arm, we will
restar
restart
the rotary arm, we will
restart th
restart the
the rotary arm, we will
restart the do
restart the dock
the rotary arm, we will
restart the dockin
restart the docking
the rotary arm, we will
restart the docking pr
restart the docking prot
the rotary arm, we will
restart the docking protoc
restart the docking protocol
the rotary arm, we will
restart the docking protocol.
Wi
Will
restart the docking protocol.
Will t
Will tha
restart the docking protocol.
Will that
Will that be
restart the docking protocol.
Will that be a
Will that be all
restart the docking protocol.
Will that be all,
Will that be all, Ad
restart the docking protocol.
Will that be all, Admi
Will that be all, Admira
restart the docking protocol.
Will that be all, Admiral?
Y
Yes
Will that be all, Admiral?
Yes,
Yes, th
Will that be all, Admiral?
Yes, than
Yes, thank
Will that be all, Admiral?
Yes, thank yo
Yes, thank you.
Sm
Smar
Yes, thank you.
Smart
Smart as
Yes, thank you.
Smart asse
Smart asses.
Pu
Pump
Smart asses.
Pump t
Pump the
Smart asses.
Pump the b
Pump the bra
Smart asses.
Pump the brake
Pump the brakes,
gi
give
Pump the brakes,
give t
give the
Pump the brakes,
give them
give them a
Pump the brakes,
give them a lo
give them a love
Pump the brakes,
give them a love t
give them a love tap
Pump the brakes,
give them a love tap.
Le
Let
give them a love tap.
Let th
Let them
give them a love tap.
Let them k
Let them kno
give them a love tap.
Let them know
Let them know I'
give them a love tap.
Let them know I'm
Let them know I'm do
give them a love tap.
Let them know I'm done
Let them know I'm done p
give them a love tap.
Let them know I'm done pla
Let them know I'm done playi
give them a love tap.
Let them know I'm done playing
Let them know I'm done playing.
T
The
Let them know I'm done playing.
The t
The tra
Let them know I'm done playing.
The train
The trains
Let them know I'm done playing.
The trains ar
The trains are
Let them know I'm done playing.
The trains are to
The trains are too
Let them know I'm done playing.
The trains are too cl
The trains are too clos
Let them know I'm done playing.
The trains are too close.
Th
They
The trains are too close.
They'l
They'll
The trains are too close.
They'll co
They'll coll
The trains are too close.
They'll collid
They'll collide.
B
Big
They'll collide.
Big A
Big Ali
They'll collide.
Big Alice
Big Alice i
They'll collide.
Big Alice is
Big Alice is in
They'll collide.
Big Alice is in p
Big Alice is in pos
They'll collide.
Big Alice is in posit
Big Alice is in positio
They'll collide.
Big Alice is in position.
La
Layt
Big Alice is in position.
Layton
Layton,
Big Alice is in position.
Layton, Jo
Layton, Josi
Big Alice is in position.
Layton, Josie?
L
Lay
Layton, Josie?
Layto
Layton:
Layton, Josie?
Layton: (
Layton: (On
Layton, Josie?
Layton: (On s
Layton: (On spe
Layton, Josie?
Layton: (On speak
Layton: (On speaker
Layton, Josie?
Layton: (On speaker)
I'
I'm
Layton: (On speaker)
I'm wo
I'm work
Layton: (On speaker)
I'm workin
I'm working
Layton: (On speaker)
I'm working on
I'm working on i
Layton: (On speaker)
I'm working on it.
Ca
Can
I'm working on it.
Can yo
Can you
I'm working on it.
Can you ge
Can you get
I'm working on it.
Can you get us
Can you get us a
I'm working on it.
Can you get us any
Can you get us any c
I'm working on it.
Can you get us any clo
Can you get us any close
I'm working on it.
Can you get us any closer?
N
No.
An
Any
No.
Any cl
Any clos
No.
Any closer
Any closer,
No.
Any closer, we
Any closer, we r
No.
Any closer, we ris
Any closer, we risk
No.
Any closer, we risk im
Any closer, we risk impa
No.
Any closer, we risk impact
Any closer, we risk impact.
If
If y
Any closer, we risk impact.
If you
If you'r
Any closer, we risk impact.
If you're
If you're go
Any closer, we risk impact.
If you're gonn
If you're gonna
Any closer, we risk impact.
If you're gonna ma
If you're gonna make
Any closer, we risk impact.
If you're gonna make t
If you're gonna make the
Any closer, we risk impact.
If you're gonna make the j
If you're gonna make the jum
Any closer, we risk impact.
If you're gonna make the jump,
yo
you
If you're gonna make the jump,
you ne
you need
If you're gonna make the jump,
you need t
you need to
If you're gonna make the jump,
you need to do
you need to do i
If you're gonna make the jump,
you need to do it
you need to do it no
If you're gonna make the jump,
you need to do it now.
♪
L
Lay
Layto
Layton:
Layton: G
Layton: Go,
Layton: Go, J
Layton: Go, Jos
Layton: Go, Josie
Layton: Go, Josie!
(W
(Whi
Layton: Go, Josie!
(Whirr
(Whirrin
Layton: Go, Josie!
(Whirring)
(T
(Thu
(Whirring)
(Thud)
(W
(Who
(Thud)
(Whoos
(Whoosh)
P
Pel
(Whoosh)
Pelto
Pelton:
(Whoosh)
Pelton: W
Pelton: Wha
(Whoosh)
Pelton: What'
Pelton: What's
go
goin
Pelton: What's
going
going on
Pelton: What's
going on b
going on bac
Pelton: What's
going on back
going on back he
Pelton: What's
going on back here
going on back here?
(Rumbling)
L
Lay
Layto
Layton:
Layton: (
Layton: (On
Layton: (On s
Layton: (On spe
Layton: (On speak
Layton: (On speaker
Layton: (On speaker)
Ha
Hang
Layton: (On speaker)
Hang o
Hang on!
Layton: (On speaker)
Hang on! H
Hang on! Han
Layton: (On speaker)
Hang on! Hang
Hang on! Hang on
Layton: (On speaker)
Hang on! Hang on,
Hang on! Hang on, I
Layton: (On speaker)
Hang on! Hang on, I go
Hang on! Hang on, I got
Layton: (On speaker)
Hang on! Hang on, I got yo
Hang on! Hang on, I got you!
L
Lay
Hang on! Hang on, I got you!
Layto
Layton?
Jo
Josi
Layton?
Josie,
Josie, d
Layton?
Josie, do
Josie, do yo
Layton?
Josie, do you
Josie, do you co
Layton?
Josie, do you copy
Josie, do you copy?
L
Lay
Josie, do you copy?
Layto
Layton:
Josie, do you copy?
Layton: Ho
Layton: Hold
Josie, do you copy?
Layton: Hold u
Layton: Hold up!
(J
(Jos
Layton: Hold up!
(Josie
(Josie g
Layton: Hold up!
(Josie gas
(Josie gaspi
Layton: Hold up!
(Josie gasping
(Josie gasping)
T
Thi
This
This ar
This area
This area's
This area's r
This area's res
This area's restr
This area's restric
This area's restricte
This area's restricted.
Ge
Get
This area's restricted.
Get ou
Get out.
T
Thi
Get out.
This
This is
Get out.
This is o
This is our
Get out.
This is our h
This is our hal
Get out.
This is our half
of
of t
This is our half
of the
of the t
This is our half
of the tra
of the train
This is our half
of the train.
Wh
Why
of the train.
Why do
Why don'
of the train.
Why don't
Why don't yo
of the train.
Why don't you
Why don't you ju
of the train.
Why don't you just
Why don't you just s
of the train.
Why don't you just scr
Why don't you just scram
of the train.
Why don't you just scram?
L
Las
Why don't you just scram?
Last
Last ch
Why don't you just scram?
Last chan
Last chance
Why don't you just scram?
Last chance.
St
Step
Last chance.
Step b
Step bac
Last chance.
Step back,
Step back, o
Last chance.
Step back, or
Step back, or I'
Last chance.
Step back, or I'll
pe
pers
Step back, or I'll
person
personal
Step back, or I'll
personally
personally r
Step back, or I'll
personally rem
personally remov
Step back, or I'll
personally remove
personally remove yo
Step back, or I'll
personally remove you.
A
All
personally remove you.
All r
All rig
personally remove you.
All right
All right,
personally remove you.
All right, al
All right, all
personally remove you.
All right, all ri
All right, all righ
personally remove you.
All right, all right.
Qu
Quit
All right, all right.
Quit y
Quit yap
All right, all right.
Quit yappi
Quit yapping
All right, all right.
Quit yapping.
(C
(Cre
(Creak
(Creakin
(Creaking)
L
Lay
(Creaking)
Layto
Layton:
(Creaking)
Layton: (
Layton: (On
(Creaking)
Layton: (On s
Layton: (On spe
(Creaking)
Layton: (On speak
Layton: (On speaker
(Creaking)
Layton: (On speaker)
Bi
Big
Layton: (On speaker)
Big Al
Big Alic
Layton: (On speaker)
Big Alice,
Big Alice, w
Layton: (On speaker)
Big Alice, we
Big Alice, we ma
Layton: (On speaker)
Big Alice, we made
Big Alice, we made i
Layton: (On speaker)
Big Alice, we made it.
G
Gre
Big Alice, we made it.
Great
Great.
Big Alice, we made it.
Great. Hu
Great. Hurr
Big Alice, we made it.
Great. Hurry.
We
We'l
Great. Hurry.
We'll
We'll st
Great. Hurry.
We'll stal
We'll stall
Great. Hurry.
We'll stall he
We'll stall here
as
as l
We'll stall here
as lon
as long
We'll stall here
as long as
as long as w
We'll stall here
as long as we
as long as we ca
We'll stall here
as long as we can.
W
Wel
as long as we can.
Welco
Welcome
as long as we can.
Welcome b
Welcome bac
as long as we can.
Welcome back
Welcome back to
as long as we can.
Welcome back to S
Welcome back to Sno
as long as we can.
Welcome back to Snowp
Welcome back to Snowpie
as long as we can.
Welcome back to Snowpierc
Welcome back to Snowpiercer
as long as we can.
Welcome back to Snowpiercer.
W
Wha
What
What ar
What are
What are yo
What are you
What are you do
What are you doin
What are you doing?
Ge
Get
Get in
Get insi
Get inside
Get inside!
C
Car
Get inside!
Carly
Carly:
Get inside!
Carly: I'
Carly: I'm
Get inside!
Carly: I'm fi
Carly: I'm fine
Get inside!
Carly: I'm fine!
Go
Gott
Carly: I'm fine!
Gotta
Gotta pa
Carly: I'm fine!
Gotta pack
Gotta pack u
Carly: I'm fine!
Gotta pack up
Gotta pack up th
Carly: I'm fine!
Gotta pack up the
Gotta pack up the ma
Carly: I'm fine!
Gotta pack up the mark
Gotta pack up the market
Carly: I'm fine!
Gotta pack up the market.
H
Hur
Gotta pack up the market.
Hurry
Hurry u
Gotta pack up the market.
Hurry up,
Hurry up, l
Gotta pack up the market.
Hurry up, let
Hurry up, let's
Gotta pack up the market.
Hurry up, let's g
Hurry up, let's go!
S
Ser
Hurry up, let's go!
Serio
Serious
Hurry up, let's go!
Seriously
Seriously,
Hurry up, let's go!
Seriously, I'
Seriously, I'm
Hurry up, let's go!
Seriously, I'm ok
Seriously, I'm okay
Hurry up, let's go!
Seriously, I'm okay.
Ar
Are
Seriously, I'm okay.
Are yo
Are you?
I
I'm
Are you?
I'm f
I'm fin
Are you?
I'm fine,
I'm fine, r
Are you?
I'm fine, rea
I'm fine, reall
Are you?
I'm fine, really.
A
Are
I'm fine, really.
Are y
Are you
I'm fine, really.
Are you s
Are you sur
I'm fine, really.
Are you sure?
Be
Beca
Are you sure?
Becaus
Because
Are you sure?
Because I'
Because I've
Are you sure?
Because I've b
Because I've bar
Are you sure?
Because I've barel
Because I've barely
Are you sure?
Because I've barely se
Because I've barely seen
Are you sure?
Because I've barely seen y
Because I've barely seen you
in
in a
Because I've barely seen you
in a w
in a wee
Because I've barely seen you
in a week.
Yo
You'
in a week.
You're
You're a
in a week.
You're alw
You're alway
in a week.
You're always
You're always of
in a week.
You're always off
You're always off on
in a week.
You're always off on p
You're always off on pat
in a week.
You're always off on patro
You're always off on patrol.
I
I p
You're always off on patrol.
I pro
I promi
You're always off on patrol.
I promise
I promise.
I'
I'm
I promise.
I'm al
I'm alri
I promise.
I'm alrigh
I'm alright,
I promise.
I'm alright, o
I'm alright, oka
I promise.
I'm alright, okay.
De
Defi
I'm alright, okay.
Defini
Definite
I'm alright, okay.
Definitely
Definitely n
I'm alright, okay.
Definitely not
Definitely not h
I'm alright, okay.
Definitely not hea
Definitely not heade
I'm alright, okay.
Definitely not headed
Definitely not headed fo
I'm alright, okay.
Definitely not headed for
Definitely not headed for a
ru
rubb
Definitely not headed for a
rubber
rubber r
Definitely not headed for a
rubber roo
rubber room
Definitely not headed for a
rubber room si
rubber room situ
Definitely not headed for a
rubber room situat
rubber room situatio
Definitely not headed for a
rubber room situation
rubber room situation ag
Definitely not headed for a
rubber room situation agai
rubber room situation again.
T
The
rubber room situation again.
There
There w
rubber room situation again.
There was
There was n
rubber room situation again.
There was not
There was nothi
rubber room situation again.
There was nothing
There was nothing e
rubber room situation again.
There was nothing els
There was nothing else
rubber room situation again.
There was nothing else yo
There was nothing else you
co
coul
There was nothing else you
could
could ha
There was nothing else you
could have
could have d
There was nothing else you
could have don
could have done.
I
I k
could have done.
I kno
I know,
could have done.
I know, o
I know, oka
could have done.
I know, okay.
Bu
But
I know, okay.
But th
But they
I know, okay.
But they t
But they too
I know, okay.
But they took
But they took Li
I know, okay.
But they took Lian
But they took Liana
I know, okay.
But they took Liana on
But they took Liana on m
I know, okay.
But they took Liana on my
But they took Liana on my wa
I know, okay.
But they took Liana on my watc
But they took Liana on my watch
an
and
But they took Liana on my watch
and it
and it g
But they took Liana on my watch
and it got
and it got m
But they took Liana on my watch
and it got me
and it got me th
But they took Liana on my watch
and it got me thin
and it got me thinki
But they took Liana on my watch
and it got me thinking
and it got me thinking a
But they took Liana on my watch
and it got me thinking abo
and it got me thinking about
yo
you,
and it got me thinking about
you, a
you, and
and it got me thinking about
you, and k
you, and kee
and it got me thinking about
you, and keepi
you, and keeping
and it got me thinking about
you, and keeping e
you, and keeping eve
and it got me thinking about
you, and keeping every
you, and keeping everybo
and it got me thinking about
you, and keeping everybody
you, and keeping everybody s
and it got me thinking about
you, and keeping everybody saf
you, and keeping everybody safe.
Un
Unti
you, and keeping everybody safe.
Until
Until th
you, and keeping everybody safe.
Until that
Until that t
you, and keeping everybody safe.
Until that tra
Until that train
you, and keeping everybody safe.
Until that train c
Until that train com
you, and keeping everybody safe.
Until that train comes
Until that train comes b
you, and keeping everybody safe.
Until that train comes bac
Until that train comes back.
you, and keeping everybody safe.
Until that train comes back...
it
it's
Until that train comes back...
it's o
it's on
Until that train comes back...
it's on me
it's on me.
D
Dad
it's on me.
Dad,
Dad, yo
it's on me.
Dad, you'
Dad, you're
it's on me.
Dad, you're d
Dad, you're doi
it's on me.
Dad, you're doing
Dad, you're doing e
it's on me.
Dad, you're doing eve
Dad, you're doing every
it's on me.
Dad, you're doing everyth
Dad, you're doing everythin
it's on me.
Dad, you're doing everything
yo
you
Dad, you're doing everything
you ca
you can.
(M
(Mar
you can.
(Marke
(Market
you can.
(Market di
(Market din)
Th
The
(Market din)
The wa
The way
(Market din)
The way yo
The way you
(Market din)
The way you we
The way you were
(Market din)
The way you were h
The way you were hol
(Market din)
The way you were holdi
The way you were holding
(Market din)
The way you were holding i
The way you were holding it
to
toge
The way you were holding it
togeth
together
The way you were holding it
together a
together at
The way you were holding it
together at to
together at town
The way you were holding it
together at town h
together at town hal
The way you were holding it
together at town hall,
it
it w
together at town hall,
it was
it was k
together at town hall,
it was kin
it was kind
together at town hall,
it was kind of
it was kind of l
together at town hall,
it was kind of lik
it was kind of like
together at town hall,
it was kind of like yo
it was kind of like you
together at town hall,
it was kind of like you we
it was kind of like you were
together at town hall,
it was kind of like you were..
it was kind of like you were...
C
Coo
it was kind of like you were...
Cool.
N
No,
Cool.
No, I
No, I w
Cool.
No, I wou
No, I would
Cool.
No, I wouldn'
No, I wouldn't
Cool.
No, I wouldn't go
No, I wouldn't go t
Cool.
No, I wouldn't go tha
No, I wouldn't go that
Cool.
No, I wouldn't go that fa
No, I wouldn't go that far.
I
It'
No, I wouldn't go that far.
It's
It's ok
No, I wouldn't go that far.
It's okay
It's okay.
Yo
You
It's okay.
You ca
You can
It's okay.
You can sa
You can say
It's okay.
You can say it
You can say it.
Yo
You
You can say it.
You ha
You have
You can say it.
You have a
You have an
You can say it.
You have an un
You have an unus
You can say it.
You have an unusua
You have an unusuall
You can say it.
You have an unusually
You have an unusually co
You can say it.
You have an unusually cool
fa
fath
You have an unusually cool
father
father.
You have an unusually cool
father. Sa
father. Say
You have an unusually cool
father. Say th
father. Say that
You have an unusually cool
father. Say that.
Ca
Can
father. Say that.
Can yo
Can you
father. Say that.
Can you sa
Can you say
father. Say that.
Can you say it
Can you say it t
father. Say that.
Can you say it to
Can you say it to me
father. Say that.
Can you say it to me?
(I
(Ind
Can you say it to me?
(Indis
(Indisti
Can you say it to me?
(Indistinc
(Indistinct
Can you say it to me?
(Indistinct ch
(Indistinct chat
Can you say it to me?
(Indistinct chatte
(Indistinct chatter)
.
...
(Indistinct chatter)
...go
...go f
(Indistinct chatter)
...go fin
...go finis
(Indistinct chatter)
...go finish
...go finish up
(Indistinct chatter)
...go finish up.
Th
The
...go finish up.
The we
The weat
...go finish up.
The weathe
The weather'
...go finish up.
The weather's
The weather's ta
...go finish up.
The weather's taki
The weather's taking
...go finish up.
The weather's taking a
The weather's taking a t
...go finish up.
The weather's taking a tur
The weather's taking a turn.
U
Um,
The weather's taking a turn.
Um, D
Um, Dad
The weather's taking a turn.
Um, Dad?
♪
S
Sor
Sorry
Sorry t
Sorry to
Sorry to in
Sorry to inte
Sorry to interr
Sorry to interrup
Sorry to interrupt.
Uh
Uh..
Sorry to interrupt.
Uh...
Uh... I
Sorry to interrupt.
Uh... I fo
Uh... I foun
Sorry to interrupt.
Uh... I found
Uh... I found so
Sorry to interrupt.
Uh... I found some
Uh... I found someth
Sorry to interrupt.
Uh... I found somethin
Uh... I found something.
W
Wha
Uh... I found something.
What?
♪
I can't show you here.
To
Told
Told m
Told me
Told me to
Told me to k
Told me to kee
Told me to keep
Told me to keep my
Told me to keep my e
Told me to keep my eye
Told me to keep my eyes
Told me to keep my eyes pe
Told me to keep my eyes peel
Told me to keep my eyes peeled
Told me to keep my eyes peeled.
So
So,
Told me to keep my eyes peeled.
So, I
So, I di
Told me to keep my eyes peeled.
So, I did.
♪
O
Oka
Okay,
Okay, a
Okay, a f
Okay, a few
Okay, a few q
Okay, a few que
Okay, a few quest
Okay, a few questio
Okay, a few questions
Okay, a few questions c
Okay, a few questions com
Okay, a few questions come
to
to m
Okay, a few questions come
to min
to mind,
Okay, a few questions come
to mind, s
to mind, sta
Okay, a few questions come
to mind, start
to mind, startin
Okay, a few questions come
to mind, starting
to mind, starting wi
Okay, a few questions come
to mind, starting with
to mind, starting with--
A
A h
to mind, starting with--
A han
A hand?
A
A fr
A hand?
A frea
A freaki
A hand?
A freaking
A freaking h
A hand?
A freaking han
A freaking hand.
Wh
Wher
A freaking hand.
Where'
Where'd
A freaking hand.
Where'd yo
Where'd you
A freaking hand.
Where'd you ge
Where'd you get
A freaking hand.
Where'd you get th
Where'd you get this
A freaking hand.
Where'd you get this?
S
Son
Where'd you get this?
Son,
Son, te
Where'd you get this?
Son, tell
Son, tell m
Where'd you get this?
Son, tell me
Son, tell me yo
Where'd you get this?
Son, tell me you
Son, tell me you di
Where'd you get this?
Son, tell me you didn
Son, tell me you didn't
ch
chis
Son, tell me you didn't
chisel
chisel t
Son, tell me you didn't
chisel thi
chisel this
Son, tell me you didn't
chisel this of
chisel this off
Son, tell me you didn't
chisel this off a
chisel this off a co
Son, tell me you didn't
chisel this off a corp
chisel this off a corpse
Son, tell me you didn't
chisel this off a corpse.
W
Wha
chisel this off a corpse.
What?
What? N
chisel this off a corpse.
What? No.
What? No. H
chisel this off a corpse.
What? No. How
What? No. How w
chisel this off a corpse.
What? No. How wou
What? No. How would
chisel this off a corpse.
What? No. How would I
What? No. How would I--
No
No,
What? No. How would I--
No, I
No, I we
What? No. How would I--
No, I went
No, I went u
What? No. How would I--
No, I went up
No, I went up sc
What? No. How would I--
No, I went up scou
No, I went up scouti
What? No. How would I--
No, I went up scouting
No, I went up scouting i
What? No. How would I--
No, I went up scouting in
No, I went up scouting in th
What? No. How would I--
No, I went up scouting in the
hi
hill
No, I went up scouting in the
hills,
hills, l
No, I went up scouting in the
hills, lik
hills, like
No, I went up scouting in the
hills, like yo
hills, like you
No, I went up scouting in the
hills, like you wa
hills, like you want
No, I went up scouting in the
hills, like you wanted
hills, like you wanted,
No, I went up scouting in the
hills, like you wanted, an
hills, like you wanted, and
th
ther
hills, like you wanted, and
there
there it
hills, like you wanted, and
there it w
there it was
hills, like you wanted, and
there it was s
there it was sti
hills, like you wanted, and
there it was stick
there it was stickin
hills, like you wanted, and
there it was sticking
there it was sticking ou
hills, like you wanted, and
there it was sticking out
of
of a
there it was sticking out
of a s
of a sno
there it was sticking out
of a snowb
of a snowban
there it was sticking out
of a snowbank,
of a snowbank, l
there it was sticking out
of a snowbank, lik
of a snowbank, like
there it was sticking out
of a snowbank, like it
of a snowbank, like it w
there it was sticking out
of a snowbank, like it was
wa
wavi
of a snowbank, like it was
waving
waving h
of a snowbank, like it was
waving hel
waving hello
of a snowbank, like it was
waving hello.
I
I h
waving hello.
I hat
I hate
waving hello.
I hate to
I hate to b
waving hello.
I hate to be
I hate to be th
waving hello.
I hate to be the
I hate to be the on
waving hello.
I hate to be the one
I hate to be the one to
waving hello.
I hate to be the one to a
I hate to be the one to ask
th
this
I hate to be the one to ask
this,
this, bu
I hate to be the one to ask
this, but
this, but ca
I hate to be the one to ask
this, but can
this, but can we
I hate to be the one to ask
this, but can we t
this, but can we tru
I hate to be the one to ask
this, but can we trust
this, but can we trust y
I hate to be the one to ask
this, but can we trust you
this, but can we trust your-
I hate to be the one to ask
this, but can we trust your--
I
I'm
this, but can we trust your--
I'm n
I'm not
this, but can we trust your--
I'm not c
I'm not cra
this, but can we trust your--
I'm not crazy
I'm not crazy!
Ev
Ever
I'm not crazy!
Every
Every ti
I'm not crazy!
Every time
Every time I
I'm not crazy!
Every time I t
Every time I try
I'm not crazy!
Every time I try t
Every time I try to
I'm not crazy!
Every time I try to he
Every time I try to help
I'm not crazy!
Every time I try to help--
J
Jav
Every time I try to help--
Javi'
Javi's
Every time I try to help--
Javi's ju
Javi's just
Every time I try to help--
Javi's just a
Javi's just ask
Every time I try to help--
Javi's just askin
Javi's just asking
Every time I try to help--
Javi's just asking a
qu
ques
Javi's just asking a
questi
question
Javi's just asking a
question.
Oz
Oz,
question.
Oz, th
Oz, than
question.
Oz, thank
Oz, thank yo
question.
Oz, thank you.
Yo
You
Oz, thank you.
You do
You done
Oz, thank you.
You done g
You done goo
Oz, thank you.
You done good.
Hi
High
You done good.
High f
High fiv
You done good.
High five.
♪
No
Now,
Now, g
Now, gen
Now, gener
Now, general
Now, generally
Now, generally s
Now, generally spe
Now, generally speak
Now, generally speakin
Now, generally speaking,
if
if a
Now, generally speaking,
if a s
if a sev
Now, generally speaking,
if a sever
if a severed
Now, generally speaking,
if a severed h
if a severed han
Now, generally speaking,
if a severed hand
if a severed hand is
Now, generally speaking,
if a severed hand is l
if a severed hand is lyi
Now, generally speaking,
if a severed hand is lying
ar
arou
if a severed hand is lying
around
around u
if a severed hand is lying
around una
around unatt
if a severed hand is lying
around unatten
around unattende
if a severed hand is lying
around unattended,
around unattended, s
if a severed hand is lying
around unattended, som
around unattended, somet
if a severed hand is lying
around unattended, somethi
around unattended, something
ba
bad
around unattended, something
bad ha
bad has
around unattended, something
bad has ha
bad has happ
around unattended, something
bad has happen
bad has happened
around unattended, something
bad has happened.
We
We o
bad has happened.
We oug
We ought
bad has happened.
We oughta
We oughta fi
bad has happened.
We oughta figu
We oughta figure
bad has happened.
We oughta figure o
We oughta figure out
bad has happened.
We oughta figure out w
We oughta figure out wha
bad has happened.
We oughta figure out what.
So
So O
We oughta figure out what.
So Oz,
So Oz, y
We oughta figure out what.
So Oz, you
So Oz, you w
We oughta figure out what.
So Oz, you wan
So Oz, you want
We oughta figure out what.
So Oz, you want to
So Oz, you want to t
We oughta figure out what.
So Oz, you want to tak
So Oz, you want to take
We oughta figure out what.
So Oz, you want to take me
So Oz, you want to take me u
We oughta figure out what.
So Oz, you want to take me up
to
to w
So Oz, you want to take me up
to whe
to where
So Oz, you want to take me up
to where y
to where you
So Oz, you want to take me up
to where you f
to where you fou
So Oz, you want to take me up
to where you found
to where you found t
So Oz, you want to take me up
to where you found thi
to where you found this
So Oz, you want to take me up
to where you found this th
to where you found this thin
So Oz, you want to take me up
to where you found this thing?
Y
Yea
to where you found this thing?
Yeah,
Yeah, o
to where you found this thing?
Yeah, of
Yeah, of co
to where you found this thing?
Yeah, of cour
Yeah, of course
to where you found this thing?
Yeah, of course.
If
If J
Yeah, of course.
If Jav
If Javi
Yeah, of course.
If Javi ap
If Javi appr
Yeah, of course.
If Javi approv
If Javi approves
Yeah, of course.
If Javi approves.
I
I'm
If Javi approves.
I'm s
I'm sur
If Javi approves.
I'm sure
I'm sure he
If Javi approves.
I'm sure he d
I'm sure he doe
If Javi approves.
I'm sure he does.
Ja
Javi
I'm sure he does.
Javi,
Javi, yo
I'm sure he does.
Javi, you
Javi, you mi
I'm sure he does.
Javi, you mind
Javi, you mind r
I'm sure he does.
Javi, you mind run
Javi, you mind runni
I'm sure he does.
Javi, you mind running
Javi, you mind running s
I'm sure he does.
Javi, you mind running som
Javi, you mind running some
te
test
Javi, you mind running some
tests?
R
Rea
tests?
Reall
Really?
I'
I'm
Really?
I'm an
I'm an E
Really?
I'm an Eng
I'm an Engin
Really?
I'm an Enginee
I'm an Engineer.
No
Not
I'm an Engineer.
Not a
Not a do
I'm an Engineer.
Not a doct
Not a doctor
I'm an Engineer.
Not a doctor,
Not a doctor, Ro
I'm an Engineer.
Not a doctor, Roch
Not a doctor, Roche.
Wh
What
Not a doctor, Roche.
What k
What kin
Not a doctor, Roche.
What kind
What kind of
Not a doctor, Roche.
What kind of t
What kind of tes
Not a doctor, Roche.
What kind of tests
What kind of tests d
Not a doctor, Roche.
What kind of tests do
What kind of tests do yo
Not a doctor, Roche.
What kind of tests do you
wa
want
What kind of tests do you
want m
want me
What kind of tests do you
want me to
want me to r
What kind of tests do you
want me to run
want me to run?
I
I d
want me to run?
I don
I don't
want me to run?
I don't k
I don't kno
want me to run?
I don't know!
Do
Do a
I don't know!
Do a p
Do a pal
I don't know!
Do a palm
Do a palm re
I don't know!
Do a palm read
Do a palm readin
I don't know!
Do a palm reading
Do a palm reading on
I don't know!
Do a palm reading on i
Do a palm reading on it,
fo
for
Do a palm reading on it,
for al
for all
Do a palm reading on it,
for all I
for all I ca
Do a palm reading on it,
for all I care
for all I care.
Ju
Just
for all I care.
Just f
Just fig
for all I care.
Just figur
Just figure
for all I care.
Just figure ou
Just figure out
for all I care.
Just figure out wh
Just figure out what
for all I care.
Just figure out what h
Just figure out what hap
for all I care.
Just figure out what happe
Just figure out what happene
for all I care.
Just figure out what happened
an
and
Just figure out what happened
and ho
and how
Just figure out what happened
and how lo
and how long
Just figure out what happened
and how long i
and how long it'
Just figure out what happened
and how long it's
and how long it's be
Just figure out what happened
and how long it's been
and how long it's been f
Just figure out what happened
and how long it's been fro
and how long it's been froze
Just figure out what happened
and how long it's been frozen.
O
Oka
and how long it's been frozen.
Okay,
Okay, w
and how long it's been frozen.
Okay, wha
Okay, what
and how long it's been frozen.
Okay, what ab
Okay, what abou
and how long it's been frozen.
Okay, what about
Okay, what about th
and how long it's been frozen.
Okay, what about the
Okay, what about the gr
and how long it's been frozen.
Okay, what about the grid
Okay, what about the grid?
Wh
What
Okay, what about the grid?
What i
What if
Okay, what about the grid?
What if th
What if the
Okay, what about the grid?
What if the ar
What if the arra
Okay, what about the grid?
What if the arrays
What if the arrays g
Okay, what about the grid?
What if the arrays go
What if the arrays go do
Okay, what about the grid?
What if the arrays go down
ag
agai
What if the arrays go down
again?
T
Thi
again?
This
This ta
again?
This take
This takes
again?
This takes pr
This takes prec
again?
This takes preced
This takes preceden
again?
This takes precedent.
If
If s
This takes precedent.
If she
If she's
This takes precedent.
If she's i
If she's is
This takes precedent.
If she's is ou
If she's is out
This takes precedent.
If she's is out th
If she's is out ther
This takes precedent.
If she's is out there,
If she's is out there, w
This takes precedent.
If she's is out there, we
ou
ough
If she's is out there, we
ought
ought to
If she's is out there, we
ought to k
ought to kno
If she's is out there, we
ought to know.
No
Now
ought to know.
Now li
Now list
ought to know.
Now listen
Now listen,
ought to know.
Now listen, yo
Now listen, you
ought to know.
Now listen, you gu
Now listen, you guys
ought to know.
Now listen, you guys,
Now listen, you guys, th
ought to know.
Now listen, you guys, the
Now listen, you guys, the to
ought to know.
Now listen, you guys, the town
is
is a
Now listen, you guys, the town
is alr
is alrea
Now listen, you guys, the town
is already
is already o
Now listen, you guys, the town
is already on
is already on ed
Now listen, you guys, the town
is already on edge
is already on edge,
Now listen, you guys, the town
is already on edge, ok
is already on edge, okay
Now listen, you guys, the town
is already on edge, okay.
So
So i
is already on edge, okay.
So in
So in th
is already on edge, okay.
So in the
So in the me
is already on edge, okay.
So in the mean
So in the meanti
is already on edge, okay.
So in the meantime
So in the meantime,
is already on edge, okay.
So in the meantime, le
So in the meantime, let'
is already on edge, okay.
So in the meantime, let's
So in the meantime, let's ke
is already on edge, okay.
So in the meantime, let's keep
th
this
So in the meantime, let's keep
this q
this qui
So in the meantime, let's keep
this quiet
this quiet,
So in the meantime, let's keep
this quiet, al
this quiet, alri
So in the meantime, let's keep
this quiet, alrigh
this quiet, alright?
T
Thu
this quiet, alright?
Thumb
Thumbs
this quiet, alright?
Thumbs up
Thumbs up.
T
Tha
Thumbs up.
Thank
Thank y
Thumbs up.
Thank you
Thank you.
Le
Let'
Thank you.
Let's
Let's go
Thank you.
Let's go.
P
Peo
Let's go.
Peopl
People
Let's go.
People ne
People need
Let's go.
People need t
People need to
Let's go.
People need to st
People need to stop
Let's go.
People need to stop l
People need to stop lea
Let's go.
People need to stop leavi
People need to stop leaving
we
weir
People need to stop leaving
weird
weird sh
People need to stop leaving
weird shit
weird shit i
People need to stop leaving
weird shit in
weird shit in my
People need to stop leaving
weird shit in my w
weird shit in my wor
People need to stop leaving
weird shit in my works
weird shit in my worksho
People need to stop leaving
weird shit in my workshop.
(A
(Amb
weird shit in my workshop.
(Ambie
(Ambient
weird shit in my workshop.
(Ambient d
(Ambient din
weird shit in my workshop.
(Ambient din)
♪
H
How
How l
How lon
How long
How long ag
How long ago
How long ago di
How long ago did
How long ago did th
How long ago did that
How long ago did that c
How long ago did that col
How long ago did that cold
lo
lock
How long ago did that cold
lock o
lock ope
How long ago did that cold
lock open?
U
Uh,
lock open?
Uh, t
Uh, tha
lock open?
Uh, that'
Uh, that's
lock open?
Uh, that's no
Uh, that's noth
lock open?
Uh, that's nothin
Uh, that's nothing.
Ju
Just
Uh, that's nothing.
Just a
Just an
Uh, that's nothing.
Just an er
Just an erro
Uh, that's nothing.
Just an error
Just an error me
Uh, that's nothing.
Just an error mess
Just an error messag
Uh, that's nothing.
Just an error message.
♪
S
Sno
Snowp
Snowpie
Snowpierc
Snowpiercer
Snowpiercer t
Snowpiercer to
Snowpiercer to Bi
Snowpiercer to Big
Snowpiercer to Big Al
Snowpiercer to Big Alic
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
So
Sorr
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
Sorry
Sorry ab
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
Sorry abou
Sorry about
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
Sorry about th
Sorry about the
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
Sorry about the fe
Sorry about the fend
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
Sorry about the fender
Sorry about the fender b
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
Sorry about the fender ben
Sorry about the fender bende
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
Sorry about the fender bender.
Se
Seem
Sorry about the fender bender.
Seems
Seems we
Sorry about the fender bender.
Seems we'r
Seems we're
Sorry about the fender bender.
Seems we're ha
Seems we're havi
Sorry about the fender bender.
Seems we're having
Seems we're having e
Sorry about the fender bender.
Seems we're having eng
Seems we're having engin
Sorry about the fender bender.
Seems we're having enginee
Seems we're having engineeri
Sorry about the fender bender.
Seems we're having engineering
is
issu
Seems we're having engineering
issues
issues t
Seems we're having engineering
issues too
issues too.
Ca
Can
issues too.
Can yo
Can you
issues too.
Can you pu
Can you put
issues too.
Can you put La
Can you put Layt
issues too.
Can you put Layton
Can you put Layton o
issues too.
Can you put Layton on?
♪
I
I'm
I'm a
I'm afr
I'm afrai
I'm afraid
I'm afraid he
I'm afraid he's
I'm afraid he's t
I'm afraid he's ten
I'm afraid he's tendi
I'm afraid he's tending
I'm afraid he's tending t
I'm afraid he's tending to
th
the
I'm afraid he's tending to
the fa
the faul
I'm afraid he's tending to
the faulty
the faulty c
I'm afraid he's tending to
the faulty cou
the faulty coupl
I'm afraid he's tending to
the faulty couplin
the faulty coupling
I'm afraid he's tending to
the faulty coupling me
the faulty coupling mech
I'm afraid he's tending to
the faulty coupling mechan
the faulty coupling mechanis
I'm afraid he's tending to
the faulty coupling mechanism.
Is
Is t
the faulty coupling mechanism.
Is the
Is there
the faulty coupling mechanism.
Is there a
Is there any
the faulty coupling mechanism.
Is there anyth
Is there anythin
the faulty coupling mechanism.
Is there anything
Is there anything I
ca
can
Is there anything I
can he
can help
Is there anything I
can help y
can help you
Is there anything I
can help you w
can help you wit
Is there anything I
can help you with?
♪
T
Tha
That'
That's
That's al
That's alri
That's alrigh
That's alright.
Le
Let
That's alright.
Let me
Let me k
That's alright.
Let me kno
Let me know
That's alright.
Let me know wh
Let me know when
That's alright.
Let me know when y
Let me know when you
That's alright.
Let me know when you h
Let me know when you hav
That's alright.
Let me know when you have
Let me know when you have hi
That's alright.
Let me know when you have him.
♪
La
Layt
Layton
Layton i
Layton is
Layton is he
Layton is here
Layton is here.
Ge
Get
Layton is here.
Get to
Get to t
Layton is here.
Get to the
Get to the C
Layton is here.
Get to the Col
Get to the Cold
Layton is here.
Get to the Cold Lo
Get to the Cold Lock
Layton is here.
Get to the Cold Locks.
Fi
Find
Get to the Cold Locks.
Find h
Find him
Get to the Cold Locks.
Find him.
Re
Reli
Find him.
Reliev
Relieve
Find him.
Relieve hi
Relieve him
Find him.
Relieve him of
Relieve him of h
Find him.
Relieve him of his
Relieve him of his p
Find him.
Relieve him of his pos
Relieve him of his post.
Br
Brin
Relieve him of his post.
Bring
Bring ba
Relieve him of his post.
Bring back
Bring back E
Relieve him of his post.
Bring back Eng
Bring back Engin
Relieve him of his post.
Bring back Enginee
Bring back Engineer
Relieve him of his post.
Bring back Engineer Kn
Bring back Engineer Knox
Relieve him of his post.
Bring back Engineer Knox.
Lo
Look
Bring back Engineer Knox.
Looks
Looks li
Bring back Engineer Knox.
Looks like
Looks like I
Bring back Engineer Knox.
Looks like I'l
Looks like I'll
Bring back Engineer Knox.
Looks like I'll ne
Looks like I'll need
Bring back Engineer Knox.
Looks like I'll need h
Looks like I'll need him
Bring back Engineer Knox.
Looks like I'll need him a
Looks like I'll need him aga
Bring back Engineer Knox.
Looks like I'll need him again
af
afte
Looks like I'll need him again
after
after al
Looks like I'll need him again
after all.
I'
I'll
after all.
I'll t
I'll ten
after all.
I'll tend
I'll tend to
after all.
I'll tend to y
I'll tend to you
after all.
I'll tend to you s
I'll tend to you sho
after all.
I'll tend to you short
I'll tend to you shortly
after all.
I'll tend to you shortly.
♪
Y
You
You o
You oka
You okay?
Di
Did
You okay?
Did yo
Did you
You okay?
Did you tw
Did you twea
You okay?
Did you tweak
Did you tweak so
You okay?
Did you tweak some
Did you tweak someth
You okay?
Did you tweak somethin
Did you tweak something
in
in t
Did you tweak something
in the
in the f
Did you tweak something
in the fal
in the fall?
I
I'm
in the fall?
I'm n
I'm not
in the fall?
I'm not s
I'm not sur
in the fall?
I'm not sure.
I
I ca
I'm not sure.
I can'
I can't
I'm not sure.
I can't fe
I can't feel
I'm not sure.
I can't feel a
I can't feel any
I'm not sure.
I can't feel anyth
I can't feel anythin
I'm not sure.
I can't feel anything.
D
Dr.
I can't feel anything.
Dr. P
Dr. Pel
I can't feel anything.
Dr. Pelto
Dr. Pelton:
I can't feel anything.
Dr. Pelton: D
Dr. Pelton: Don
I can't feel anything.
Dr. Pelton: Don't
Dr. Pelton: Don't s
I can't feel anything.
Dr. Pelton: Don't sto
Dr. Pelton: Don't stop.
Ke
Keep
Dr. Pelton: Don't stop.
Keep m
Keep mov
Dr. Pelton: Don't stop.
Keep movin
Keep moving.
H
How
Keep moving.
How'd
How'd y
Keep moving.
How'd you
How'd you f
Keep moving.
How'd you fin
How'd you find
Keep moving.
How'd you find us
How'd you find us?
I
I s
How'd you find us?
I saw
I saw y
How'd you find us?
I saw you
I saw your
How'd you find us?
I saw your "e
I saw your "ent
How'd you find us?
I saw your "entra
I saw your "entranc
How'd you find us?
I saw your "entrance.
I saw your "entrance."
Th
The
I saw your "entrance."
The Ad
The Admi
I saw your "entrance."
The Admira
The Admiral'
I saw your "entrance."
The Admiral's
The Admiral's me
I saw your "entrance."
The Admiral's men
The Admiral's men ar
I saw your "entrance."
The Admiral's men are
The Admiral's men are lo
I saw your "entrance."
The Admiral's men are look
The Admiral's men are lookin
I saw your "entrance."
The Admiral's men are looking
fo
for
The Admiral's men are looking
for yo
for you,
The Admiral's men are looking
for you, f
for you, fig
The Admiral's men are looking
for you, figur
for you, figured
The Admiral's men are looking
for you, figured I
for you, figured I b
The Admiral's men are looking
for you, figured I bet
for you, figured I bette
The Admiral's men are looking
for you, figured I better
for you, figured I better fi
The Admiral's men are looking
for you, figured I better find
yo
you
for you, figured I better find
you fi
you firs
for you, figured I better find
you first.
I
I'm
you first.
I'm g
I'm gla
you first.
I'm glad
I'm glad yo
you first.
I'm glad you
I'm glad you di
you first.
I'm glad you did.
We
We'r
I'm glad you did.
We're
We're lo
I'm glad you did.
We're look
We're lookin
I'm glad you did.
We're looking
We're looking fo
I'm glad you did.
We're looking for
We're looking for Li
I'm glad you did.
We're looking for Lian
We're looking for Liana.
H
Her
We're looking for Liana.
Here?
Here? O
We're looking for Liana.
Here? On
Here? On th
We're looking for Liana.
Here? On the
Here? On the tr
We're looking for Liana.
Here? On the trai
Here? On the train?
Y
Yea
Here? On the train?
Yeah,
Yeah, y
Here? On the train?
Yeah, you
Yeah, you h
Here? On the train?
Yeah, you hea
Yeah, you heard
Here? On the train?
Yeah, you heard m
Yeah, you heard me.
Ha
Has
Yeah, you heard me.
Has Sn
Has Snow
Yeah, you heard me.
Has Snowpi
Has Snowpier
Yeah, you heard me.
Has Snowpierce
Has Snowpiercer
Yeah, you heard me.
Has Snowpiercer ma
Has Snowpiercer made
Yeah, you heard me.
Has Snowpiercer made a
Has Snowpiercer made any
un
unsc
Has Snowpiercer made any
unsche
unschedu
Has Snowpiercer made any
unschedule
unscheduled
Has Snowpiercer made any
unscheduled st
unscheduled stop
Has Snowpiercer made any
unscheduled stops
unscheduled stops la
Has Snowpiercer made any
unscheduled stops late
unscheduled stops lately
Has Snowpiercer made any
unscheduled stops lately?
T
The
unscheduled stops lately?
The t
The tra
unscheduled stops lately?
The train
The train s
unscheduled stops lately?
The train sto
The train stops
unscheduled stops lately?
The train stops a
The train stops all
unscheduled stops lately?
The train stops all t
The train stops all the
unscheduled stops lately?
The train stops all the t
The train stops all the tim
unscheduled stops lately?
The train stops all the time.
It
It's
The train stops all the time.
It's p
It's par
The train stops all the time.
It's part
It's part of
The train stops all the time.
It's part of t
It's part of the
The train stops all the time.
It's part of the r
It's part of the ret
The train stops all the time.
It's part of the retro
It's part of the retrofi
The train stops all the time.
It's part of the retrofit.
If
If s
It's part of the retrofit.
If she
If she's
It's part of the retrofit.
If she's h
If she's her
It's part of the retrofit.
If she's here,
If she's here, c
It's part of the retrofit.
If she's here, cha
If she's here, chanc
It's part of the retrofit.
If she's here, chances
If she's here, chances a
It's part of the retrofit.
If she's here, chances are
sh
she'
If she's here, chances are
she'd
she'd be
If she's here, chances are
she'd be i
she'd be in
If she's here, chances are
she'd be in th
she'd be in the
If she's here, chances are
she'd be in the Yo
she'd be in the Yout
If she's here, chances are
she'd be in the Youth
she'd be in the Youth Ca
If she's here, chances are
she'd be in the Youth Car.
♪
W
Wha
What?
What? Y
What? You
What? Youth
What? Youth C
What? Youth Car
What? Youth Car?
I
It'
What? Youth Car?
It's
It's wh
What? Youth Car?
It's wher
It's where
What? Youth Car?
It's where th
It's where they
What? Youth Car?
It's where they k
It's where they kee
What? Youth Car?
It's where they keep
It's where they keep al
What? Youth Car?
It's where they keep all
It's where they keep all th
What? Youth Car?
It's where they keep all the
ch
chil
It's where they keep all the
childr
children
It's where they keep all the
children n
children now
It's where they keep all the
children now.
(I
(Ind
children now.
(Indis
(Indisti
children now.
(Indistinc
(Indistinct
children now.
(Indistinct ch
(Indistinct chat
children now.
(Indistinct chatte
(Indistinct chatter)
Th
They
(Indistinct chatter)
They s
They sep
(Indistinct chatter)
They separ
They separat
(Indistinct chatter)
They separated
They separated t
(Indistinct chatter)
They separated the
They separated the p
(Indistinct chatter)
They separated the par
They separated the paren
(Indistinct chatter)
They separated the parents
They separated the parents f
(Indistinct chatter)
They separated the parents fro
They separated the parents from
ch
chil
They separated the parents from
childr
children
They separated the parents from
children.
It
It's
children.
It's a
It's a d
children.
It's a det
It's a deter
children.
It's a deterre
It's a deterrent
children.
It's a deterrent t
It's a deterrent to
children.
It's a deterrent to ke
It's a deterrent to keep
th
the
It's a deterrent to keep
the pe
the peop
It's a deterrent to keep
the people
the people f
It's a deterrent to keep
the people fro
the people from
It's a deterrent to keep
the people from re
the people from revo
It's a deterrent to keep
the people from revolt
the people from revoltin
It's a deterrent to keep
the people from revolting.
W
We
the people from revolting.
We ne
We need
the people from revolting.
We need t
We need to
the people from revolting.
We need to ge
We need to get
the people from revolting.
We need to get up
We need to get up t
the people from revolting.
We need to get up the
We need to get up there
the people from revolting.
We need to get up there.
I
It'
We need to get up there.
It's
It's up
We need to get up there.
It's up i
It's up in
We need to get up there.
It's up in Fi
It's up in Firs
We need to get up there.
It's up in First
It's up in First Cl
We need to get up there.
It's up in First Clas
It's up in First Class,
ne
near
It's up in First Class,
near i
near imp
It's up in First Class,
near impos
near impossi
It's up in First Class,
near impossibl
near impossible.
Bu
But
near impossible.
But ma
But mayb
near impossible.
But maybe
But maybe I
near impossible.
But maybe I ca
But maybe I can
near impossible.
But maybe I can fi
But maybe I can find
near impossible.
But maybe I can find y
But maybe I can find you
near impossible.
But maybe I can find you s
But maybe I can find you som
near impossible.
But maybe I can find you some
he
help
But maybe I can find you some
help o
help on
But maybe I can find you some
help on th
help on the
But maybe I can find you some
help on the as
help on the asse
But maybe I can find you some
help on the assemb
help on the assembly
But maybe I can find you some
help on the assembly l
help on the assembly lin
But maybe I can find you some
help on the assembly line.
A
A lo
help on the assembly line.
A lots
A lots c
help on the assembly line.
A lots cha
A lots chang
help on the assembly line.
A lots changed
A lots changed.
Yo
You'
A lots changed.
You'll
You'll s
A lots changed.
You'll see
You'll see.
♪
H
He
He ca
He can'
He can't
He can't kn
He can't know
He can't know a
He can't know abo
He can't know about
He can't know about t
He can't know about thi
He can't know about this.
Th
The
He can't know about this.
The Ad
The Admi
He can't know about this.
The Admira
The Admiral'
He can't know about this.
The Admiral's
The Admiral's ma
He can't know about this.
The Admiral's maki
The Admiral's making
He can't know about this.
The Admiral's making a
The Admiral's making a t
He can't know about this.
The Admiral's making a tac
The Admiral's making a tacti
He can't know about this.
The Admiral's making a tactica
The Admiral's making a tactical
mi
mist
The Admiral's making a tactical
mistak
mistake.
He
He's
mistake.
He's,
He's, he
mistake.
He's, he's
He's, he's,
mistake.
He's, he's, he
He's, he's, he's
mistake.
He's, he's, he's j
He's, he's, he's jeo
mistake.
He's, he's, he's jeopa
He's, he's, he's jeopard
mistake.
He's, he's, he's jeopardiz
He's, he's, he's jeopardizin
mistake.
He's, he's, he's jeopardizing
th
this
He's, he's, he's jeopardizing
this e
this ent
He's, he's, he's jeopardizing
this entir
this entire
He's, he's, he's jeopardizing
this entire pr
this entire proj
He's, he's, he's jeopardizing
this entire projec
this entire project.
K
Kee
this entire project.
Keep
Keep mo
this entire project.
Keep movi
Keep moving
this entire project.
Keep moving.
♪
T
The
The s
The sym
The sympt
The symptom
The symptoms.
Th
They
The symptoms.
They'r
They're
The symptoms.
They're ge
They're gett
The symptoms.
They're gettin
They're getting
The symptoms.
They're getting wo
They're getting wors
The symptoms.
They're getting worse,
ar
aren
They're getting worse,
aren't
aren't t
They're getting worse,
aren't the
aren't they?
I
I he
aren't they?
I hear
I hear i
aren't they?
I hear it,
bu
burn
I hear it,
burnin
burning
I hear it,
burning in
burning in t
I hear it,
burning in the
burning in the l
I hear it,
burning in the lun
burning in the lungs
I hear it,
burning in the lungs.
♪
Ho
How'
How's
How's th
How's the
How's the sc
How's the scar
How's the scarri
How's the scarring
How's the scarring?
Ma
May
How's the scarring?
May I
May I se
How's the scarring?
May I see?
♪
The tissue is receding.
I
I kn
I know
I know y
I know you
I know your
I know your te
I know your team
I know your team i
I know your team is
I know your team is no
I know your team is not
I know your team is not fo
I know your team is not fond
of
of m
I know your team is not fond
of me.
Th
The
of me.
The te
The test
of me.
The test t
The test tri
of me.
The test trial
The test trials
of me.
The test trials we
The test trials were
of me.
The test trials were n
The test trials were nev
of me.
The test trials were never
su
supp
The test trials were never
suppos
supposed
The test trials were never
supposed t
supposed to
The test trials were never
supposed to af
supposed to affe
The test trials were never
supposed to affect
supposed to affect y
The test trials were never
supposed to affect you
supposed to affect your
re
resp
supposed to affect your
respir
respirat
supposed to affect your
respirator
respiratory
supposed to affect your
respiratory sy
respiratory syst
supposed to affect your
respiratory system
respiratory system.
No
Not
respiratory system.
Not li
Not like
respiratory system.
Not like t
Not like thi
respiratory system.
Not like this.
I
I mi
Not like this.
I migh
I might
Not like this.
I might ha
I might have
Not like this.
I might have a
I might have a f
Not like this.
I might have a fix
I might have a fix,
Not like this.
I might have a fix, ho
I might have a fix, howe
Not like this.
I might have a fix, howeve
I might have a fix, however.
Not like this.
I might have a fix, however...
♪
it
it's
it's..
it's...
it's... it
it's... it's
it's... it's o
it's... it's oka
it's... it's okay.
Su
Supp
it's... it's okay.
Supple
Suppleme
it's... it's okay.
Supplement
Supplement.
♪
Pl
Plug
Plugs
Plugs in
Plugs into
Plugs into y
Plugs into you
Plugs into your
Plugs into your br
Plugs into your brea
Plugs into your breath
Plugs into your breathin
Plugs into your breathing
ap
appa
Plugs into your breathing
appara
apparatu
Plugs into your breathing
apparatus.
♪
Ju
Just
Just s
Just som
Just somet
Just somethi
Just something
Just something t
Just something to
Just something to ta
Just something to take
Just something to take a
Just something to take awa
Just something to take away
Just something to take away th
Just something to take away the
pa
pain
Just something to take away the
pain.
♪
Thank you.
Sykes: Javi!
♪
Is
Is t
Is thi
Is this
Is this ab
Is this abou
Is this about
Is this about ea
Is this about earl
Is this about earlie
Is this about earlier?
N
No.
I
If
No.
If so
If so,
No.
If so, me
If so, mess
No.
If so, messag
If so, message
No.
If so, message re
If so, message rece
No.
If so, message receiv
If so, message received
No.
If so, message received.
I'
I'll
If so, message received.
I'll s
I'll sta
If so, message received.
I'll stay
I'll stay ou
If so, message received.
I'll stay out
I'll stay out of
If so, message received.
I'll stay out of y
I'll stay out of you
If so, message received.
I'll stay out of your
I'll stay out of your bu
If so, message received.
I'll stay out of your busi
I'll stay out of your busine
If so, message received.
I'll stay out of your business
I'll stay out of your business.
T
Tha
I'll stay out of your business.
That'
That's.
I'll stay out of your business.
That's...
That's... n
I'll stay out of your business.
That's... not
That's... not e
I'll stay out of your business.
That's... not exa
That's... not exact
I'll stay out of your business.
That's... not exactly
That's... not exactly.
Bu
But
That's... not exactly.
But ab
But abou
That's... not exactly.
But about
But about ea
That's... not exactly.
But about earl
But about earlie
That's... not exactly.
But about earlier,
But about earlier, I
That's... not exactly.
But about earlier, I d
But about earlier, I did
That's... not exactly.
But about earlier, I didn'
But about earlier, I didn't
That's... not exactly.
But about earlier, I didn't me
But about earlier, I didn't mean
to
to s
But about earlier, I didn't mean
to sna
to snap
But about earlier, I didn't mean
to snap at
to snap at y
But about earlier, I didn't mean
to snap at you
to snap at you.
We
We'r
to snap at you.
We're
We're ju
to snap at you.
We're just
We're just u
to snap at you.
We're just und
We're just under
to snap at you.
We're just under a
We're just under a l
to snap at you.
We're just under a lot
We're just under a lot--
J
Jav
We're just under a lot--
Javi,
Javi, I
We're just under a lot--
Javi, I d
Javi, I don
We're just under a lot--
Javi, I don't
Javi, I don't n
We're just under a lot--
Javi, I don't nee
Javi, I don't need
an
an a
Javi, I don't need
an apo
an apolo
Javi, I don't need
an apology
an apology.
I
I ne
an apology.
I need
I need m
an apology.
I need mor
I need more
an apology.
I need more re
I need more resp
an apology.
I need more respon
I need more responsi
an apology.
I need more responsibi
I need more responsibili
an apology.
I need more responsibility
I need more responsibility.
I
I k
I need more responsibility.
I kno
I know.
I need more responsibility.
I know. I
I know. I k
I need more responsibility.
I know. I kno
I know. I know.
An
And
I know. I know.
And yo
And you
I know. I know.
And you de
And you dese
I know. I know.
And you deserv
And you deserve
I know. I know.
And you deserve it
And you deserve it..
I know. I know.
And you deserve it...
B
But
And you deserve it...
But I
But I'm
And you deserve it...
But I'm a
But I'm a f
And you deserve it...
But I'm a for
But I'm a forme
And you deserve it...
But I'm a former
But I'm a former Wi
And you deserve it...
But I'm a former Wilf
But I'm a former Wilfor
And you deserve it...
But I'm a former Wilfordi
But I'm a former Wilfordite
And you deserve it...
But I'm a former Wilfordite.
Ri
Righ
But I'm a former Wilfordite.
Right?
W
Wha
Right?
What?
T
Tha
What?
That'
That's
What?
That's wh
That's why
What?
That's why th
That's why they
What?
That's why they d
That's why they did
What?
That's why they didn'
That's why they didn't
What?
That's why they didn't wa
That's why they didn't want
me
me o
That's why they didn't want
me on
me on th
That's why they didn't want
me on the
me on the co
That's why they didn't want
me on the coun
me on the counci
That's why they didn't want
me on the council.
N
No,
me on the council.
No, n
No, no.
Ev
Ever
No, no.
Everyo
Everyone
No, no.
Everyone k
Everyone kno
No, no.
Everyone knows
Everyone knows y
No, no.
Everyone knows you
Everyone knows you'r
No, no.
Everyone knows you're
Everyone knows you're no
No, no.
Everyone knows you're not
Everyone knows you're not th
No, no.
Everyone knows you're not that
Everyone knows you're not that--
I
I'm
Everyone knows you're not that--
I'm l
I'm lit
Everyone knows you're not that--
I'm liter
I'm literal
Everyone knows you're not that--
I'm literally
I'm literally i
Everyone knows you're not that--
I'm literally in
I'm literally in ch
Everyone knows you're not that--
I'm literally in char
I'm literally in charge
Everyone knows you're not that--
I'm literally in charge o
I'm literally in charge of
th
the
I'm literally in charge of
the to
the town
I'm literally in charge of
the town's
the town's f
I'm literally in charge of
the town's foo
the town's food
I'm literally in charge of
the town's food su
the town's food supp
I'm literally in charge of
the town's food supply
the town's food supply,
I'm literally in charge of
the town's food supply, an
the town's food supply, and
I'm literally in charge of
the town's food supply, and ye
the town's food supply, and yet
I'
I'm
the town's food supply, and yet
I'm th
I'm the
the town's food supply, and yet
I'm the la
I'm the last
the town's food supply, and yet
I'm the last o
I'm the last one
the town's food supply, and yet
I'm the last one t
I'm the last one to
the town's food supply, and yet
I'm the last one to kn
I'm the last one to know
wh
when
I'm the last one to know
when a
when any
I'm the last one to know
when anyth
when anythin
I'm the last one to know
when anything
when anything ha
I'm the last one to know
when anything happ
when anything happen
I'm the last one to know
when anything happens
ar
arou
when anything happens
around
around h
when anything happens
around her
around here.
Di
Did
around here.
Did th
Did they
around here.
Did they a
Did they at
around here.
Did they at le
Did they at leas
around here.
Did they at least
Did they at least br
around here.
Did they at least brin
Did they at least bring
my
my n
Did they at least bring
my nam
my name
Did they at least bring
my name up
my name up?
♪
Y
Yea
Yeah,
Yeah, t
Yeah, the
Yeah, they
Yeah, they di
Yeah, they did.
A
And
Yeah, they did.
And?
I
I s
And?
I sta
I staye
And?
I stayed
I stayed si
And?
I stayed sile
I stayed silent
And?
I stayed silent..
I stayed silent...
wh
when
I stayed silent...
when I
when I s
I stayed silent...
when I sho
when I shoul
I stayed silent...
when I should'
when I should've
I stayed silent...
when I should've v
when I should've vou
I stayed silent...
when I should've vouch
when I should've vouched
fo
for
when I should've vouched
for yo
for you.
♪
Ok
Okay
Okay,
Okay, no
Okay, now
Okay, now I
Okay, now I am
Okay, now I am l
Okay, now I am loo
Okay, now I am looki
Okay, now I am looking
Okay, now I am looking f
Okay, now I am looking for
an
an a
Okay, now I am looking for
an apo
an apolo
Okay, now I am looking for
an apology
an apology.
Y
You
an apology.
You h
You hav
an apology.
You have
You have on
an apology.
You have one.
I
I am
You have one.
I am s
I am sor
You have one.
I am sorry
I am sorry.
I'
I'm
I am sorry.
I'm so
I'm sorr
I am sorry.
I'm sorry
I'm sorry I
I am sorry.
I'm sorry I sc
I'm sorry I scre
I am sorry.
I'm sorry I screwe
I'm sorry I screwed
I am sorry.
I'm sorry I screwed up
I'm sorry I screwed up.
♪
An
And
And I-
And I--
yo
you
And I--
you do
you do d
And I--
you do des
you do deser
And I--
you do deserve
you do deserve m
And I--
you do deserve mor
you do deserve more
And I--
you do deserve more sa
you do deserve more say
ar
arou
you do deserve more say
around
around h
you do deserve more say
around her
around here.
Yo
You
around here.
You sh
You shou
around here.
You should
You should k
around here.
You should kno
You should know
around here.
You should know wh
You should know what
around here.
You should know what's
You should know what's g
around here.
You should know what's goi
You should know what's going
around here.
You should know what's going o
You should know what's going on.
R
Rea
You should know what's going on.
Reall
Really?
Y
Yea
Really?
Yeah.
So
So,
Yeah.
So, in
So, in t
Yeah.
So, in the
So, in the s
Yeah.
So, in the spi
So, in the spiri
Yeah.
So, in the spirit
So, in the spirit of
tr
tran
So, in the spirit of
transp
transpar
So, in the spirit of
transparen
transparency
So, in the spirit of
transparency..
transparency...
♪
A
Alr
Alrig
Alright
Alright.
Di
Didn
Alright.
Didn't
Didn't s
Alright.
Didn't see
Didn't see t
Alright.
Didn't see tha
Didn't see that
Alright.
Didn't see that co
Didn't see that comi
Alright.
Didn't see that coming
Didn't see that coming.
♪
Keep your head down.
(Indistinct chatter)
W
Wor
Words
Words d
Words did
Words did n
Words did not
Words did not d
Words did not do
th
this
Words did not do
this j
this jus
Words did not do
this justi
this justice
Words did not do
this justice.
J
Jes
this justice.
Jesus
Jesus.
I
I th
Jesus.
I thou
I though
Jesus.
I thought
I thought we
Jesus.
I thought we g
I thought we got
Jesus.
I thought we got r
I thought we got rid
Jesus.
I thought we got rid o
I thought we got rid of
th
the
I thought we got rid of
the Ta
the Tail
I thought we got rid of
the Tail.
A
All
the Tail.
All t
All thi
the Tail.
All this
All this fo
the Tail.
All this for
All this for a
the Tail.
All this for a re
All this for a retr
the Tail.
All this for a retrof
All this for a retrofit
the Tail.
All this for a retrofit.
An
Any
All this for a retrofit.
Any id
Any idea
All this for a retrofit.
Any idea w
Any idea wha
All this for a retrofit.
Any idea what
Any idea what th
All this for a retrofit.
Any idea what they
Any idea what they'r
All this for a retrofit.
Any idea what they're
Any idea what they're do
All this for a retrofit.
Any idea what they're doin
Any idea what they're doing?
D
Dr.
Any idea what they're doing?
Dr. P
Dr. Pel
Any idea what they're doing?
Dr. Pelto
Dr. Pelton:
Any idea what they're doing?
Dr. Pelton: I
Dr. Pelton: It'
Any idea what they're doing?
Dr. Pelton: It's
Dr. Pelton: It's a
ne
need
Dr. Pelton: It's a
need t
need to
Dr. Pelton: It's a
need to kn
need to know
Dr. Pelton: It's a
need to know b
need to know bas
Dr. Pelton: It's a
need to know basis
need to know basis.
Th
They
need to know basis.
They c
They com
need to know basis.
They compa
They compart
need to know basis.
They compartme
They compartment
need to know basis.
They compartmental
They compartmentaliz
need to know basis.
They compartmentalize
They compartmentalize th
need to know basis.
They compartmentalize the
They compartmentalize the wo
need to know basis.
They compartmentalize the work
They compartmentalize the work,
li
limi
They compartmentalize the work,
limit
limit ac
They compartmentalize the work,
limit acce
limit access
They compartmentalize the work,
limit access t
limit access to
They compartmentalize the work,
limit access to ce
limit access to cert
They compartmentalize the work,
limit access to certai
limit access to certain
They compartmentalize the work,
limit access to certain ca
limit access to certain cars
They compartmentalize the work,
limit access to certain cars,
on
one
limit access to certain cars,
one in
one in p
limit access to certain cars,
one in par
one in parti
limit access to certain cars,
one in particu
one in particula
limit access to certain cars,
one in particular
one in particular ne
limit access to certain cars,
one in particular near
one in particular near t
limit access to certain cars,
one in particular near the
one in particular near the b
limit access to certain cars,
one in particular near the bac
one in particular near the back.
Th
That
one in particular near the back.
That's
That's t
one in particular near the back.
That's the
That's the c
one in particular near the back.
That's the che
That's the check
one in particular near the back.
That's the checkpo
That's the checkpoin
one in particular near the back.
That's the checkpoint.
Th
The
That's the checkpoint.
The on
The only
That's the checkpoint.
The only w
The only way
That's the checkpoint.
The only way p
The only way pas
That's the checkpoint.
The only way past
The only way past th
That's the checkpoint.
The only way past that
The only way past that b
That's the checkpoint.
The only way past that bar
The only way past that barri
That's the checkpoint.
The only way past that barrica
The only way past that barricade
is
is v
The only way past that barricade
is via
is via t
The only way past that barricade
is via the
is via the s
The only way past that barricade
is via the sub
is via the subtr
The only way past that barricade
is via the subtrai
is via the subtrain.
L
Lay
is via the subtrain.
Layto
Layton.
W
We
Layton.
We ne
We need
Layton.
We need t
We need to
Layton.
We need to go
We need to go n
Layton.
We need to go now
We need to go now.
L
Lay
We need to go now.
Layto
Layton.
Ar
Are
Layton.
Are yo
Are you
Layton.
Are you he
Are you here
Layton.
Are you here t
Are you here to
Layton.
Are you here to he
Are you here to help
Layton.
Are you here to help u
Are you here to help us?
W
We
Are you here to help us?
We ca
We can
Are you here to help us?
We can fi
We can figh
Are you here to help us?
We can fight,
We can fight, L
Are you here to help us?
We can fight, Lay
We can fight, Layto
Are you here to help us?
We can fight, Layton.
We can fight, Layton...
E
Eve
We can fight, Layton...
Every
Everyon
We can fight, Layton...
Everyone,
Everyone, s
We can fight, Layton...
Everyone, slo
Everyone, slow
We can fight, Layton...
Everyone, slow do
Everyone, slow down
We can fight, Layton...
Everyone, slow down.
We
We c
Everyone, slow down.
We can
We can't
Everyone, slow down.
We can't t
We can't tak
Everyone, slow down.
We can't take
We can't take th
Everyone, slow down.
We can't take the
We can't take the En
Everyone, slow down.
We can't take the Engi
We can't take the Engine
Everyone, slow down.
We can't take the Engine n
We can't take the Engine now
Everyone, slow down.
We can't take the Engine now.
We
We'r
We can't take the Engine now.
We're
We're he
We can't take the Engine now.
We're here
We're here t
We can't take the Engine now.
We're here to
We're here to re
We can't take the Engine now.
We're here to resc
We're here to rescue
We can't take the Engine now.
We're here to rescue L
We're here to rescue Lia
We can't take the Engine now.
We're here to rescue Liana
We're here to rescue Liana.
W
Wha
We're here to rescue Liana.
What?
A
As
What?
As so
As soon
What?
As soon a
As soon as
What?
As soon as on
As soon as once
What?
As soon as once s
As soon as once she
What?
As soon as once she's
As soon as once she's s
What?
As soon as once she's saf
As soon as once she's safe,
I
I pr
As soon as once she's safe,
I prom
I promis
As soon as once she's safe,
I promise
I promise we
As soon as once she's safe,
I promise we w
I promise we wil
As soon as once she's safe,
I promise we will
I promise we will co
As soon as once she's safe,
I promise we will come
I promise we will come b
As soon as once she's safe,
I promise we will come bac
I promise we will come back
fo
for
I promise we will come back
for al
for all
I promise we will come back
for all of
for all of y
I promise we will come back
for all of you
for all of you.
♪
Screws turning.
Watch out!
♪
G
Get
Get h
Get him
Get him t
Get him to
Get him to th
Get him to the
Get him to the su
Get him to the subt
Get him to the subtra
Get him to the subtrain
Get him to the subtrain.
I'
I'll
Get him to the subtrain.
I'll h
I'll hel
Get him to the subtrain.
I'll help
I'll help Jo
Get him to the subtrain.
I'll help Josi
I'll help Josie.
Jo
Josi
I'll help Josie.
Josie,
Josie, n
I'll help Josie.
Josie, now
Josie, now!
Co
Come
Josie, now!
Come o
Come on,
Josie, now!
Come on, l
Come on, let
Josie, now!
Come on, let's
Come on, let's g
Josie, now!
Come on, let's go!
♪
Th
This
This w
This way
This way!
Co
Come
This way!
Come o
Come on,
This way!
Come on, t
Come on, thi
This way!
Come on, this
Come on, this wa
This way!
Come on, this way!
J
Jes
Come on, this way!
Jesus
Jesus.
(
(Un
Jesus.
(Uncl
(Unclea
Jesus.
(Unclear)
(Unclear).
♪
W
Wel
Welco
Welcome
Welcome b
Welcome bac
Welcome back.
I
I tr
Welcome back.
I trus
I trust
Welcome back.
I trust yo
I trust your
Welcome back.
I trust your t
I trust your tim
Welcome back.
I trust your time
I trust your time aw
Welcome back.
I trust your time away
I trust your time away h
Welcome back.
I trust your time away has
cl
clea
I trust your time away has
cleare
cleared
I trust your time away has
cleared yo
cleared your
I trust your time away has
cleared your h
cleared your hea
I trust your time away has
cleared your head?
♪
Gl
Glad
Glad t
Glad to
Glad to he
Glad to hear
Glad to hear i
Glad to hear it.
I
I ne
Glad to hear it.
I need
I need t
Glad to hear it.
I need to
I need to kn
Glad to hear it.
I need to know
I need to know,
Glad to hear it.
I need to know, ho
I need to know, how
Glad to hear it.
I need to know, how do
I need to know, how do w
Glad to hear it.
I need to know, how do we
I need to know, how do we en
Glad to hear it.
I need to know, how do we enab
I need to know, how do we enable
Bi
Big
I need to know, how do we enable
Big Al
Big Alic
I need to know, how do we enable
Big Alice'
Big Alice's
I need to know, how do we enable
Big Alice's do
Big Alice's dock
I need to know, how do we enable
Big Alice's dockin
Big Alice's docking
I need to know, how do we enable
Big Alice's docking me
Big Alice's docking mech
I need to know, how do we enable
Big Alice's docking mechan
Big Alice's docking mechanis
I need to know, how do we enable
Big Alice's docking mechanism
re
remo
Big Alice's docking mechanism
remote
remotely
Big Alice's docking mechanism
remotely?
I
It'
remotely?
It's
It's a
remotely?
It's a tr
It's a trai
remotely?
It's a train
It's a train so
remotely?
It's a train so t
It's a train so the
remotely?
It's a train so there
It's a train so there's
no
no r
It's a train so there's
no rem
no remot
It's a train so there's
no remote
no remote co
It's a train so there's
no remote cont
no remote contro
It's a train so there's
no remote control.
Y
You
no remote control.
You s
You sur
no remote control.
You sure
You sure ab
no remote control.
You sure abou
You sure about
no remote control.
You sure about th
You sure about that
no remote control.
You sure about that?
Yo
You
You sure about that?
You ne
You need
You sure about that?
You need m
You need mor
You sure about that?
You need more
You need more ti
You sure about that?
You need more time
You need more time i
You sure about that?
You need more time in
You need more time in th
You sure about that?
You need more time in the
You need more time in the bo
You sure about that?
You need more time in the box
to
to r
You need more time in the box
to ret
to rethi
You need more time in the box
to rethink
to rethink y
You need more time in the box
to rethink you
to rethink your
You need more time in the box
to rethink your an
to rethink your answ
You need more time in the box
to rethink your answer
to rethink your answer?
Y
Yea
to rethink your answer?
Yeah,
Yeah, I
to rethink your answer?
Yeah, I'd
Yeah, I'd b
to rethink your answer?
Yeah, I'd be
Yeah, I'd be ha
to rethink your answer?
Yeah, I'd be happ
Yeah, I'd be happy
to rethink your answer?
Yeah, I'd be happy to
Yeah, I'd be happy to g
to rethink your answer?
Yeah, I'd be happy to go
ba
back
Yeah, I'd be happy to go
back d
back dow
Yeah, I'd be happy to go
back down
back down th
Yeah, I'd be happy to go
back down ther
back down there.
♪
S
Sno
Snowp
Snowpie
Snowpierc
Snowpiercer
Snowpiercer t
Snowpiercer to
Snowpiercer to Bi
Snowpiercer to Big
Snowpiercer to Big Al
Snowpiercer to Big Alic
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
I
I'm
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
I'm a
I'm afr
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
I'm afrai
I'm afraid
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
I'm afraid th
I'm afraid the
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
I'm afraid the re
I'm afraid the repa
Snowpiercer to Big Alice.
I'm afraid the repair
I'm afraid the repairs
ar
are
I'm afraid the repairs
are st
are stil
I'm afraid the repairs
are still
are still un
I'm afraid the repairs
are still unde
are still underw
I'm afraid the repairs
are still underway
are still underway--
C
Cut
are still underway--
Cut t
Cut the
are still underway--
Cut the t
Cut the the
are still underway--
Cut the theat
Cut the theatre
are still underway--
Cut the theatre.
I
I kn
Cut the theatre.
I know
I know L
Cut the theatre.
I know Lay
I know Layto
Cut the theatre.
I know Layton'
I know Layton's
Cut the theatre.
I know Layton's ab
I know Layton's aboa
Cut the theatre.
I know Layton's aboard
Sn
Snow
I know Layton's aboard
Snowpi
Snowpier
I know Layton's aboard
Snowpierce
Snowpiercer.
I'
I'm
Snowpiercer.
I'm te
I'm tell
Snowpiercer.
I'm tellin
I'm telling
Snowpiercer.
I'm telling yo
I'm telling you
Snowpiercer.
I'm telling you as
I'm telling you as a
Snowpiercer.
I'm telling you as a c
I'm telling you as a cou
Snowpiercer.
I'm telling you as a court
I'm telling you as a courtes
Snowpiercer.
I'm telling you as a courtesy.
If
If y
I'm telling you as a courtesy.
If you
If you w
I'm telling you as a courtesy.
If you wan
If you want
I'm telling you as a courtesy.
If you want to
If you want to s
I'm telling you as a courtesy.
If you want to see
If you want to see h
I'm telling you as a courtesy.
If you want to see him
If you want to see him a
I'm telling you as a courtesy.
If you want to see him aga
If you want to see him again
I'm telling you as a courtesy.
If you want to see him again,
th
then
If you want to see him again,
then y
then you
If you want to see him again,
then you b
then you bet
If you want to see him again,
then you bette
then you better
If you want to see him again,
then you better ke
then you better keep
If you want to see him again,
then you better keep u
then you better keep up.
♪
Do
Doub
Double
Double t
Double tim
Double time.
Gi
Give
Double time.
Give m
Give me
Double time.
Give me fu
Give me full
Double time.
Give me full t
Give me full thr
Double time.
Give me full throt
Give me full throttl
Double time.
Give me full throttle.
♪
(Click)
No
Now.
(C
(Cra
Now.
(Crank
(Crank)
S
Sno
(Crank)
Snowp
Snowpie
(Crank)
Snowpierc
Snowpiercer
(Crank)
Snowpiercer's
Snowpiercer's a
(Crank)
Snowpiercer's acc
Snowpiercer's accel
(Crank)
Snowpiercer's acceler
Snowpiercer's accelerat
(Crank)
Snowpiercer's acceleratin
Snowpiercer's accelerating.
Ru
Ruth
Wh
What
Ruth
What's
What's t
Ruth
What's the
What's the c
Ruth
What's the cal
What's the call?
W
We
What's the call?
We ca
We can'
What's the call?
We can't
We can't le
What's the call?
We can't leav
We can't leave
What's the call?
We can't leave th
We can't leave them
What's the call?
We can't leave them.
♪
Follow the train.
(Powerful whirring)
(Dramatic music)
♪
L
Loo
Look,
Look, I
Look, I a
Look, I app
Look, I appre
Look, I appreci
Look, I appreciat
Look, I appreciate
Look, I appreciate th
Look, I appreciate the
as
assi
Look, I appreciate the
assist
assist,
Look, I appreciate the
assist, bu
assist, but
Look, I appreciate the
assist, but wh
assist, but why
Look, I appreciate the
assist, but why ar
assist, but why are
Look, I appreciate the
assist, but why are we
assist, but why are we g
Look, I appreciate the
assist, but why are we goi
assist, but why are we going
ba
back
assist, but why are we going
backwa
backward
assist, but why are we going
backwards?
I
I ne
backwards?
I need
I need t
backwards?
I need to
I need to ge
backwards?
I need to get
I need to get up
backwards?
I need to get up t
I need to get up to
backwards?
I need to get up to Fi
I need to get up to Firs
backwards?
I need to get up to First.
T
The
I need to get up to First.
There
There's
I need to get up to First.
There's n
There's no
I need to get up to First.
There's no ge
There's no gett
I need to get up to First.
There's no gettin
There's no getting
I need to get up to First.
There's no getting pa
There's no getting past
th
the
There's no getting past
the gu
the guar
There's no getting past
the guards
the guards n
There's no getting past
the guards now
the guards now.
Th
Ther
the guards now.
There'
There's
the guards now.
There's a
There's a tr
the guards now.
There's a trai
There's a train
the guards now.
There's a train ha
There's a train hatc
the guards now.
There's a train hatch
There's a train hatch up
the guards now.
There's a train hatch up a
There's a train hatch up ahe
the guards now.
There's a train hatch up ahead
There's a train hatch up ahead.
If
If y
There's a train hatch up ahead.
If you
If you s
There's a train hatch up ahead.
If you sli
If you slip
There's a train hatch up ahead.
If you slip do
If you slip down
There's a train hatch up ahead.
If you slip down,
If you slip down, yo
There's a train hatch up ahead.
If you slip down, you
If you slip down, you ca
There's a train hatch up ahead.
If you slip down, you can
sn
snea
If you slip down, you can
sneak
sneak pa
If you slip down, you can
sneak past
sneak past t
If you slip down, you can
sneak past the
sneak past the c
If you slip down, you can
sneak past the che
sneak past the check
If you slip down, you can
sneak past the checkpo
sneak past the checkpoin
If you slip down, you can
sneak past the checkpoints
sneak past the checkpoints.
Ju
Just
sneak past the checkpoints.
Just g
Just go.
♪
(Clunk)
Man: This way, this way!
♪
L
Loo
Looks
Looks l
Looks lik
Looks like
Looks like th
Looks like the
Looks like the fi
Looks like the figh
Looks like the fight'
Looks like the fight's
st
stil
Looks like the fight's
still
still go
Looks like the fight's
still goin
still going
Looks like the fight's
still going on
still going on.
As
As g
still going on.
As goo
As good
still going on.
As good a
As good a di
still going on.
As good a dist
As good a distra
still going on.
As good a distract
As good a distractio
still going on.
As good a distraction
As good a distraction as
still going on.
As good a distraction as a
As good a distraction as any
still going on.
As good a distraction as any.
I'
I'll
As good a distraction as any.
I'll s
I'll sta
As good a distraction as any.
I'll stay
I'll stay he
As good a distraction as any.
I'll stay here
I'll stay here a
As good a distraction as any.
I'll stay here and
I'll stay here and r
As good a distraction as any.
I'll stay here and run
in
inte
I'll stay here and run
interf
interfer
I'll stay here and run
interferen
interference
I'll stay here and run
interference.
Th
That
interference.
That'l
That'll
interference.
That'll bu
That'll buy
interference.
That'll buy yo
That'll buy you
interference.
That'll buy you ti
That'll buy you time
interference.
That'll buy you time t
That'll buy you time to
interference.
That'll buy you time to fi
That'll buy you time to find
th
the
That'll buy you time to find
the Yo
the Yout
That'll buy you time to find
the Youth
the Youth Ca
That'll buy you time to find
the Youth Car.
T
Tha
the Youth Car.
Thank
Thank y
the Youth Car.
Thank you
Thank you,
the Youth Car.
Thank you, Do
Thank you, Doct
the Youth Car.
Thank you, Doctor
Thank you, Doctor.
(G
(Gro
Thank you, Doctor.
(Groan
(Groan)
S
Sur
(Groan)
Sure
Sure yo
(Groan)
Sure you
Sure you ca
(Groan)
Sure you can
Sure you can ma
(Groan)
Sure you can make
Sure you can make i
(Groan)
Sure you can make it?
Y
Yea
Sure you can make it?
Yeah,
Yeah, I
Sure you can make it?
Yeah, I'm
Yeah, I'm f
Sure you can make it?
Yeah, I'm fin
Yeah, I'm fine.
(D
(Doo
Yeah, I'm fine.
(Doors
(Doors w
Yeah, I'm fine.
(Doors whi
(Doors whirr
Yeah, I'm fine.
(Doors whirrin
(Doors whirring)
(Metal clanking)
T
Til
Till:
Till: H
Till: Hey
Till: Hey,
Till: Hey, he
Till: Hey, hey,
Till: Hey, hey, h
Till: Hey, hey, hey
Till: Hey, hey, hey,
wh
what
Till: Hey, hey, hey,
what d
what did
Till: Hey, hey, hey,
what did y
what did you
Till: Hey, hey, hey,
what did you d
what did you do
Till: Hey, hey, hey,
what did you do wi
what did you do with
Till: Hey, hey, hey,
what did you do with B
what did you do with Ben
Till: Hey, hey, hey,
what did you do with Ben?
(
(Si
what did you do with Ben?
(Sigh
(Sigh)
what did you do with Ben?
(Sigh) He
(Sigh) Hey.
Sh
Shut
(Sigh) Hey.
Shut u
Shut up
(Sigh) Hey.
Shut up or
Shut up or y
(Sigh) Hey.
Shut up or you
Shut up or you s
(Sigh) Hey.
Shut up or you say
go
good
Shut up or you say
goodby
goodbye
Shut up or you say
goodbye to
goodbye to y
Shut up or you say
goodbye to you
goodbye to your
Shut up or you say
goodbye to your wa
goodbye to your wate
Shut up or you say
goodbye to your water
goodbye to your water br
Shut up or you say
goodbye to your water brea
goodbye to your water break.
I
I'm
goodbye to your water break.
I'm s
I'm so
goodbye to your water break.
I'm so so
I'm so sorr
goodbye to your water break.
I'm so sorry.
(C
(Cla
I'm so sorry.
(Clank
(Clankin
I'm so sorry.
(Clanking)
I'
I'm
(Clanking)
I'm so
I'm sorr
(Clanking)
I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, i
(Clanking)
I'm sorry, is
I'm sorry, is my
(Clanking)
I'm sorry, is my v
I'm sorry, is my voi
(Clanking)
I'm sorry, is my voice
I'm sorry, is my voice k
(Clanking)
I'm sorry, is my voice kil
I'm sorry, is my voice killi
(Clanking)
I'm sorry, is my voice killing
yo
your
I'm sorry, is my voice killing
your v
your vib
I'm sorry, is my voice killing
your vibe?
your vibe?!
He
Hey,
your vibe?!
Hey, c
Hey, com
your vibe?!
Hey, come
Hey, come ba
your vibe?!
Hey, come back
Hey, come back h
your vibe?!
Hey, come back her
Hey, come back here!
Co
Come
Hey, come back here!
Come b
Come bac
Hey, come back here!
Come back
Come back he
Hey, come back here!
Come back here
Come back here n
Hey, come back here!
Come back here now
Come back here now!
♪
J
Jos
Josie
Josie:
Josie: (W
Josie: (Whi
Josie: (Whisp
Josie: (Whisper
Josie: (Whispers)
Josie: (Whispers) T
Josie: (Whispers) Til
Josie: (Whispers) Till.
Ti
Till
Josie: (Whispers) Till.
Till!
J
Jos
Till!
Josie
Josie?
Jo
Josi
Josie?
Oh
Oh!
Jo
Josi
Oh!
Josie.
O
Oh
Josie.
Oh my
Oh my G
Josie.
Oh my God
Oh my God.
Wh
What
Oh my God.
What i
What is
Oh my God.
What is th
What is this
Oh my God.
What is this p
What is this pla
Oh my God.
What is this place
What is this place?
O
Ope
What is this place?
Open
Open th
What is this place?
Open the
Open the do
What is this place?
Open the door
Open the door.
Do
Down
Open the door.
Down t
Down the
Open the door.
Down there
Down there.
(C
(Cli
Down there.
(Click
(Click)
(C
(Cla
(Click)
(Clank
(Clankin
(Click)
(Clanking)
Pu
Pull
(Clanking)
Pull t
Pull the
(Clanking)
Pull the h
Pull the han
(Clanking)
Pull the handl
Pull the handle.
(C
(Cre
Pull the handle.
(Creak
(Creak)
(T
(Thu
(Creak)
(Thud)
J
Jos
(Thud)
Josie
Josie:
(Thud)
Josie: Sh
Josie: Shit
(Thud)
Josie: Shit.
Ar
Are
Josie: Shit.
Are yo
Are you
Josie: Shit.
Are you ok
Are you okay
Josie: Shit.
Are you okay?
Y
Yea
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Yo
You'
Yeah.
You're
You're h
Yeah.
You're her
You're here.
Th
The
You're here.
The tr
The trap
You're here.
The trap,
The trap, ho
You're here.
The trap, how
The trap, how di
You're here.
The trap, how did
The trap, how did yo
You're here.
The trap, how did you
ge
get
The trap, how did you
get pa
get past
The trap, how did you
get past i
get past it?
M
Me
get past it?
Me an
Me and
get past it?
Me and La
Me and Layt
get past it?
Me and Layton
Me and Layton t
get past it?
Me and Layton too
Me and Layton took
get past it?
Me and Layton took th
Me and Layton took the
lo
long
Me and Layton took the
long w
long way
Me and Layton took the
long way a
long way aro
Me and Layton took the
long way aroun
long way around.
I'
I'll
long way around.
I'll e
I'll exp
long way around.
I'll expla
I'll explain
long way around.
I'll explain l
I'll explain lat
long way around.
I'll explain later
I'll explain later.
(G
(Gru
I'll explain later.
(Grunt
(Grunts)
Ri
Righ
(Grunts)
Right
Right no
(Grunts)
Right now
Right now I
(Grunts)
Right now I ha
Right now I have
(Grunts)
Right now I have t
Right now I have to
(Grunts)
Right now I have to fi
Right now I have to find
(Grunts)
Right now I have to find L
Right now I have to find Lia
(Grunts)
Right now I have to find Liana
Right now I have to find Liana.
L
Lia
Right now I have to find Liana.
Liana
Liana?
Right now I have to find Liana.
Liana? Sh
Liana? She'
Right now I have to find Liana.
Liana? She's
Liana? She's he
Right now I have to find Liana.
Liana? She's here
Liana? She's here?
P
Pel
Liana? She's here?
Pelto
Pelton
Liana? She's here?
Pelton sa
Pelton said
Liana? She's here?
Pelton said s
Pelton said som
Liana? She's here?
Pelton said somet
Pelton said somethi
Liana? She's here?
Pelton said something
Pelton said something a
Liana? She's here?
Pelton said something abo
Pelton said something about
th
the
Pelton said something about
the Yo
the Yout
Pelton said something about
the Youth
the Youth Ca
Pelton said something about
the Youth Car.
Do
Do y
the Youth Car.
Do you
Do you k
the Youth Car.
Do you kno
Do you know
the Youth Car.
Do you know wh
Do you know wher
the Youth Car.
Do you know where
Do you know where th
the Youth Car.
Do you know where that
Do you know where that i
the Youth Car.
Do you know where that is?
Y
Yea
Do you know where that is?
Yeah.
Fo
Foll
Yeah.
Follow
Follow m
Yeah.
Follow me.
(H
(Hea
Follow me.
(Heavy
(Heavy b
Follow me.
(Heavy bre
(Heavy breat
Follow me.
(Heavy breathi
(Heavy breathing
Follow me.
(Heavy breathing)
(C
(Chu
(Heavy breathing)
(Chuck
(Chuckle
(Heavy breathing)
(Chuckle)
So
So,
(Chuckle)
So, Au
So, Audr
(Chuckle)
So, Audrey
So, Audrey..
(Chuckle)
So, Audrey...
sh
she
So, Audrey...
she go
she good
So, Audrey...
she good?
Y
Yea
she good?
Yeah.
Ye
Yeah
Yeah.
Yeah,
Yeah, sh
Yeah.
Yeah, she'
Yeah, she's
Yeah.
Yeah, she's al
Yeah, she's aliv
Yeah.
Yeah, she's alive.
(B
(Bee
Yeah, she's alive.
(Beep)
(W
(Whi
(Beep)
(Whirr
(Whirrin
(Beep)
(Whirring)
♪
M
Man
Man:
Man: Do
Man: Don'
Man: Don't
Man: Don't mo
Man: Don't move
Man: Don't move.
Ge
Get
Man: Don't move.
Get aw
Get away
Man: Don't move.
Get away f
Get away fro
Man: Don't move.
Get away from
Get away from hi
Man: Don't move.
Get away from him.
(G
(Gru
Get away from him.
(Grunt
(Grunt)
(T
(Thu
(Grunt)
(Thud)
I
I d
(Thud)
I don
I don't
(Thud)
I don't k
I don't kno
(Thud)
I don't know
I don't know yo
(Thud)
I don't know you.
I
I'm
I don't know you.
I'm,
I'm, I'
I don't know you.
I'm, I'm
I'm, I'm ju
I don't know you.
I'm, I'm just
I'm, I'm just a
I don't know you.
I'm, I'm just a c
I'm, I'm just a che
I don't know you.
I'm, I'm just a chemi
I'm, I'm just a chemist
I don't know you.
I'm, I'm just a chemist.
Wh
Who
I'm, I'm just a chemist.
Who ar
Who are
I'm, I'm just a chemist.
Who are yo
Who are you?
N
Nam
Who are you?
Name'
Name's
Who are you?
Name's La
Name's Layt
Who are you?
Name's Layton
Name's Layton.
Yo
You
Name's Layton.
You ju
You just
Name's Layton.
You just a
You just a c
Name's Layton.
You just a che
You just a chemi
Name's Layton.
You just a chemist
You just a chemist?
Ex
Expl
You just a chemist?
Explai
Explain
You just a chemist?
Explain th
Explain that
You just a chemist?
Explain that.
I
I p
Explain that.
I poi
I poiso
Explain that.
I poisone
I poisoned
Explain that.
I poisoned hi
I poisoned him.
W
Why
I poisoned him.
Why w
Why wou
I poisoned him.
Why would
Why would y
I poisoned him.
Why would you
Why would you d
I poisoned him.
Why would you do
Why would you do th
I poisoned him.
Why would you do that
Why would you do that?
H
He.
Why would you do that?
He...
He
He,
He...
He, um
He, um,
He...
He, um, ca
He, um, caug
He...
He, um, caught
He, um, caught m
He...
He, um, caught me
He, um, caught me tr
He...
He, um, caught me tryi
He, um, caught me trying
He...
He, um, caught me trying t
He, um, caught me trying to
di
disa
He, um, caught me trying to
disabl
disable
He, um, caught me trying to
disable a
disable a tr
He, um, caught me trying to
disable a trap
me
mean
disable a trap
meant
meant fo
disable a trap
meant for
meant for yo
disable a trap
meant for you.
Y
You
meant for you.
You k
You kno
meant for you.
You know
You know wh
meant for you.
You know who
You know who I
meant for you.
You know who I am
You know who I am?
N
Nim
You know who I am?
Nima:
Nima: I
You know who I am?
Nima: I d
Nima: I do.
S
So
Nima: I do.
So yo
So you
Nima: I do.
So you kn
So you know
Nima: I do.
So you know w
So you know why
Nima: I do.
So you know why I
So you know why I'm
Nima: I do.
So you know why I'm h
So you know why I'm her
Nima: I do.
So you know why I'm here.
I
I c
So you know why I'm here.
I can
I can t
So you know why I'm here.
I can tak
I can take
So you know why I'm here.
I can take yo
I can take you
So you know why I'm here.
I can take you to
I can take you to h
So you know why I'm here.
I can take you to her
I can take you to her.
♪
(E
(Exc
(Excla
(Exclaim
(Exclaimin
(Exclaiming)
J
Jos
Josie
Josie:
Josie: Is
Josie: Is t
Josie: Is the
Josie: Is there
Josie: Is there a
Josie: Is there any
si
sign
Josie: Is there any
sign o
sign of
Josie: Is there any
sign of he
sign of her?
N
No.
Ju
Just
No.
Just a
Just a b
No.
Just a bun
Just a bunch
No.
Just a bunch o
Just a bunch of
No.
Just a bunch of sc
Just a bunch of scar
No.
Just a bunch of scared
Just a bunch of scared k
No.
Just a bunch of scared kid
Just a bunch of scared kids.
(D
(Doo
Just a bunch of scared kids.
(Door
(Door cl
Just a bunch of scared kids.
(Door clic
(Door clicks
Just a bunch of scared kids.
(Door clicks)
♪
M
Mil
Miles
Miles.
M
Mom
Miles.
Mom?
(
(Ga
Mom?
(Gasp
(Gasp)
Mi
Mile
(Gasp)
Miles.
Oh
Oh m
Miles.
Oh my
Oh my Go
Miles.
Oh my God.
Ar
Are
Oh my God.
Are yo
Are you
Oh my God.
Are you ok
Are you okay
Oh my God.
Are you okay?
Di
Did
Are you okay?
Did th
Did they
Are you okay?
Did they h
Did they hur
Are you okay?
Did they hurt
Did they hurt yo
Are you okay?
Did they hurt you?
I
I'm
Did they hurt you?
I'm a
I'm alr
Did they hurt you?
I'm alrig
I'm alright
Did they hurt you?
I'm alright.
Th
They
I'm alright.
They w
They won
I'm alright.
They won't
They won't l
I'm alright.
They won't let
They won't let m
I'm alright.
They won't let me
They won't let me go
I'm alright.
They won't let me go.
W
We'
They won't let me go.
We're
We're g
They won't let me go.
We're gon
We're gonna
They won't let me go.
We're gonna g
We're gonna get
They won't let me go.
We're gonna get y
We're gonna get you
They won't let me go.
We're gonna get you o
We're gonna get you out
of
of h
We're gonna get you out
of her
of here.
Co
Come
of here.
Come o
Come on.
N
No
Come on.
No Li
No Lian
Come on.
No Liana.
C
Com
No Liana.
Come
Come on
No Liana.
Come on.
L
Lia
Come on.
Liana
Liana?
I
I do
Liana?
I don'
I don't
Liana?
I don't th
I don't thin
Liana?
I don't think
I don't think sh
Liana?
I don't think she'
I don't think she's
Liana?
I don't think she's he
I don't think she's here
Liana?
I don't think she's here.
(D
(Doo
I don't think she's here.
(Door
(Door cl
I don't think she's here.
(Door clic
(Door clicks
I don't think she's here.
(Door clicks)
(Tense music)
T
Tak
Take
Take Mi
Take Mile
Take Miles
Take Miles ou
Take Miles out
Take Miles out of
Take Miles out of h
Take Miles out of her
Take Miles out of here
Take Miles out of here no
Take Miles out of here now.
T
Til
Take Miles out of here now.
Till:
Till: J
Take Miles out of here now.
Till: Jos
Till: Josie
Take Miles out of here now.
Till: Josie--
P
Ple
Till: Josie--
Pleas
Please,
Till: Josie--
Please, T
Please, Til
Till: Josie--
Please, Till,
Please, Till, t
Till: Josie--
Please, Till, tak
Please, Till, take
Till: Josie--
Please, Till, take hi
Please, Till, take him.
T
Til
Please, Till, take him.
Till:
Till: G
Please, Till, take him.
Till: Go,
Till: Go, g
Please, Till, take him.
Till: Go, go,
Till: Go, go, g
Please, Till, take him.
Till: Go, go, go,
Till: Go, go, go, g
Please, Till, take him.
Till: Go, go, go, go.
R
Run
Till: Go, go, go, go.
Run.
G
Go,
Run.
Go, g
Go, go.
♪
(G
(Gru
(Grunt
(Gruntin
(Grunting)
(C
(Cla
(Grunting)
(Clank
(Clank)
(G
(Gas
(Clank)
(Gaspi
(Gasping
(Clank)
(Gasping)
S
So
(Gasping)
So yo
So you
(Gasping)
So you kn
So you knew
(Gasping)
So you knew a
So you knew abo
(Gasping)
So you knew about
So you knew about t
(Gasping)
So you knew about thi
So you knew about this?
Yo
You
So you knew about this?
You le
You let
So you knew about this?
You let hi
You let him
So you knew about this?
You let him st
You let him stea
So you knew about this?
You let him steal
You let him steal a
So you knew about this?
You let him steal a ki
You let him steal a kid?
T
Tha
You let him steal a kid?
That
That wa
You let him steal a kid?
That wasn
That wasn't
You let him steal a kid?
That wasn't m
That wasn't my
You let him steal a kid?
That wasn't my id
That wasn't my idea
You let him steal a kid?
That wasn't my idea.
It
It w
That wasn't my idea.
It was
It was t
That wasn't my idea.
It was the
It was the A
That wasn't my idea.
It was the Adm
It was the Admir
That wasn't my idea.
It was the Admiral
It was the Admiral's
That wasn't my idea.
It was the Admiral's d
It was the Admiral's doi
That wasn't my idea.
It was the Admiral's doing
It was the Admiral's doing.
L
Lay
It was the Admiral's doing.
Layto
Layton:
It was the Admiral's doing.
Layton: Y
Layton: You
It was the Admiral's doing.
Layton: You'r
Layton: You're
It was the Admiral's doing.
Layton: You're ho
Layton: You're hold
It was the Admiral's doing.
Layton: You're holdin
Layton: You're holding
It was the Admiral's doing.
Layton: You're holding ou
Layton: You're holding out
on
on m
Layton: You're holding out
on me.
O
Of
on me.
Of co
Of cour
on me.
Of course
Of course I
on me.
Of course I a
Of course I am.
Th
That
Of course I am.
That's
That's w
Of course I am.
That's wha
That's what'
Of course I am.
That's what's
That's what's ke
Of course I am.
That's what's keep
That's what's keepin
Of course I am.
That's what's keeping
That's what's keeping me
Of course I am.
That's what's keeping me a
That's what's keeping me ali
Of course I am.
That's what's keeping me alive
That's what's keeping me alive.
N
Not
That's what's keeping me alive.
Not f
Not for
That's what's keeping me alive.
Not for l
Not for lon
That's what's keeping me alive.
Not for long.
Y
You
Not for long.
You d
You don
Not for long.
You don't
You don't u
Not for long.
You don't und
You don't under
Not for long.
You don't underst
You don't understan
Not for long.
You don't understand.
We
We'r
You don't understand.
We're
We're sa
You don't understand.
We're savi
We're saving
You don't understand.
We're saving t
We're saving the
You don't understand.
We're saving the w
We're saving the wor
You don't understand.
We're saving the world
We're saving the world.
Th
The
We're saving the world.
The cl
The clim
We're saving the world.
The climat
The climate
We're saving the world.
The climate po
The climate pock
We're saving the world.
The climate pocket
The climate pocket y
We're saving the world.
The climate pocket you
The climate pocket you l
We're saving the world.
The climate pocket you liv
The climate pocket you live
We're saving the world.
The climate pocket you live in
The climate pocket you live in,
my
my t
The climate pocket you live in,
my tea
my team
The climate pocket you live in,
my team fi
my team fire
The climate pocket you live in,
my team fired
my team fired th
The climate pocket you live in,
my team fired the
my team fired the ro
The climate pocket you live in,
my team fired the rock
my team fired the rocket
The climate pocket you live in,
my team fired the rocket t
my team fired the rocket tha
The climate pocket you live in,
my team fired the rocket that
cr
crea
my team fired the rocket that
create
created
my team fired the rocket that
created it
created it.
No
Now
created it.
Now th
Now that
created it.
Now that w
Now that we
created it.
Now that we ha
Now that we have
created it.
Now that we have S
Now that we have Sno
created it.
Now that we have Snowp
Now that we have Snowpie
created it.
Now that we have Snowpierc
Now that we have Snowpiercer
created it.
Now that we have Snowpiercer,
we
we c
Now that we have Snowpiercer,
we can
we can d
Now that we have Snowpiercer,
we can do
we can do th
Now that we have Snowpiercer,
we can do the
we can do the sa
Now that we have Snowpiercer,
we can do the same
we can do the same f
Now that we have Snowpiercer,
we can do the same for
we can do the same for t
Now that we have Snowpiercer,
we can do the same for the
we can do the same for the r
Now that we have Snowpiercer,
we can do the same for the res
we can do the same for the rest
of
of t
we can do the same for the rest
of the
of the w
we can do the same for the rest
of the wor
of the world
we can do the same for the rest
of the world's
of the world's a
we can do the same for the rest
of the world's atm
of the world's atmos
we can do the same for the rest
of the world's atmosph
of the world's atmospher
we can do the same for the rest
of the world's atmosphere.
S
Som
of the world's atmosphere.
Some
Some ma
of the world's atmosphere.
Some mad
Some mad sc
of the world's atmosphere.
Some mad scie
Some mad scient
of the world's atmosphere.
Some mad scientis
Some mad scientist
of the world's atmosphere.
Some mad scientist sh
Some mad scientist shit
of the world's atmosphere.
Some mad scientist shit.
Mo
Move
Some mad scientist shit.
Move.
So
So,
Move.
So, we
So, we j
Move.
So, we jus
So, we just
Move.
So, we just go
So, we just gonn
Move.
So, we just gonna
So, we just gonna cr
Move.
So, we just gonna crui
So, we just gonna cruise
ar
arou
So, we just gonna cruise
around
around t
So, we just gonna cruise
around the
around the w
So, we just gonna cruise
around the wor
around the world
So, we just gonna cruise
around the world l
around the world loo
So, we just gonna cruise
around the world looki
around the world looking
So, we just gonna cruise
around the world looking f
around the world looking for
pl
plac
around the world looking for
places
places t
around the world looking for
places to
places to la
around the world looking for
places to laun
places to launch
around the world looking for
places to launch r
places to launch roc
around the world looking for
places to launch rocke
places to launch rockets
around the world looking for
places to launch rockets?
N
No.
We
We'r
No.
We're
We're re
No.
We're retr
We're retrof
No.
We're retrofit
We're retrofitti
No.
We're retrofitting
We're retrofitting t
No.
We're retrofitting the
We're retrofitting the t
No.
We're retrofitting the tra
We're retrofitting the train
No.
We're retrofitting the train s
We're retrofitting the train so
it
it c
We're retrofitting the train so
it cou
it could
We're retrofitting the train so
it could l
it could lau
We're retrofitting the train so
it could launc
it could launch
We're retrofitting the train so
it could launch a
it could launch a ro
We're retrofitting the train so
it could launch a rock
it could launch a rocket
We're retrofitting the train so
it could launch a rocket f
it could launch a rocket fro
We're retrofitting the train so
it could launch a rocket from
on
one
it could launch a rocket from
one of
one of i
it could launch a rocket from
one of its
one of its c
it could launch a rocket from
one of its car
one of its cars.
We
We'l
one of its cars.
We'll
We'll cr
one of its cars.
We'll crea
We'll create
one of its cars.
We'll create a
We'll create a w
one of its cars.
We'll create a web
We'll create a web o
one of its cars.
We'll create a web of
in
inha
We'll create a web of
inhabi
inhabita
We'll create a web of
inhabitabl
inhabitable
We'll create a web of
inhabitable po
inhabitable pock
We'll create a web of
inhabitable pocket
inhabitable pockets
We'll create a web of
inhabitable pockets sp
inhabitable pockets span
We'll create a web of
inhabitable pockets spanni
inhabitable pockets spanning
th
the
inhabitable pockets spanning
the en
the enti
inhabitable pockets spanning
the entire
the entire g
inhabitable pockets spanning
the entire glo
the entire globe
inhabitable pockets spanning
the entire globe.
Th
That
the entire globe.
That's
That's w
the entire globe.
That's why
That's why y
the entire globe.
That's why you
That's why you s
the entire globe.
That's why you see
That's why you see a
the entire globe.
That's why you see all
That's why you see all o
the entire globe.
That's why you see all of
That's why you see all of th
the entire globe.
That's why you see all of thes
That's why you see all of these
ma
mate
That's why you see all of these
materi
material
That's why you see all of these
materials
materials do
That's why you see all of these
materials down
materials down h
That's why you see all of these
materials down her
materials down here
That's why you see all of these
materials down here in
materials down here in t
That's why you see all of these
materials down here in the
Fi
Firs
materials down here in the
First
First Cl
materials down here in the
First Clas
First Class
materials down here in the
First Class Su
First Class Subt
materials down here in the
First Class Subtra
First Class Subtrain
materials down here in the
First Class Subtrain.
♪
S
Sol
Soldi
Soldier
Soldier:
Soldier: (O
Soldier: (On
Soldier: (On wa
Soldier: (On walk
Soldier: (On walkie
Soldier: (On walkie)
Soldier: (On walkie) I
Soldier: (On walkie) I go
Soldier: (On walkie) I got
ey
eyes
Soldier: (On walkie) I got
eyes o
eyes on
Soldier: (On walkie) I got
eyes on hi
eyes on him.
T
Tak
eyes on him.
Take
Take hi
eyes on him.
Take him.
♪
S
Sol
Soldi
Soldier
Soldier:
Soldier: St
Soldier: Stop
Soldier: Stop!
H
Hey
Soldier: Stop!
Hey,
Hey, he
Soldier: Stop!
Hey, hey,
Hey, hey, a
Soldier: Stop!
Hey, hey, any
Hey, hey, any c
Soldier: Stop!
Hey, hey, any clo
Hey, hey, any close
Soldier: Stop!
Hey, hey, any closer
Hey, hey, any closer an
Soldier: Stop!
Hey, hey, any closer and
Hey, hey, any closer and I
wi
will
Hey, hey, any closer and I
will s
will sna
Hey, hey, any closer and I
will snap
will snap hi
Hey, hey, any closer and I
will snap his
will snap his ne
Hey, hey, any closer and I
will snap his neck
will snap his neck,
Hey, hey, any closer and I
will snap his neck, I
will snap his neck, I sw
Hey, hey, any closer and I
will snap his neck, I swea
will snap his neck, I swear.
Ad
Admi
will snap his neck, I swear.
Admira
Admiral,
will snap his neck, I swear.
Admiral, '
Admiral, 'ca
will snap his neck, I swear.
Admiral, 'caus
Admiral, 'cause
will snap his neck, I swear.
Admiral, 'cause I'
Admiral, 'cause I'm
will snap his neck, I swear.
Admiral, 'cause I'm pr
Admiral, 'cause I'm pret
will snap his neck, I swear.
Admiral, 'cause I'm pretty
Admiral, 'cause I'm pretty s
will snap his neck, I swear.
Admiral, 'cause I'm pretty sur
Admiral, 'cause I'm pretty sure
yo
you'
Admiral, 'cause I'm pretty sure
you're
you're l
Admiral, 'cause I'm pretty sure
you're lis
you're liste
Admiral, 'cause I'm pretty sure
you're listeni
you're listening
Admiral, 'cause I'm pretty sure
you're listening,
you're listening, I
Admiral, 'cause I'm pretty sure
you're listening, I wa
you're listening, I want
Admiral, 'cause I'm pretty sure
you're listening, I want y
you're listening, I want you
Admiral, 'cause I'm pretty sure
you're listening, I want you t
you're listening, I want you to
kn
know
you're listening, I want you to
know I
know I w
you're listening, I want you to
know I wil
know I will
you're listening, I want you to
know I will se
know I will see
you're listening, I want you to
know I will see yo
know I will see you
you're listening, I want you to
know I will see you so
know I will see you soon
you're listening, I want you to
know I will see you soon.
(G
(Gru
know I will see you soon.
(Grunt
(Grunt)
(F
(Fig
(Grunt)
(Fight
(Fight d
(Grunt)
(Fight din
(Fight din)
♪
(B
(Bee
(Beepi
(Beeping
(Beeping)
A
Ale
(Beeping)
Alex:
Alex: T
(Beeping)
Alex: The
Alex: They'
(Beeping)
Alex: They're
Alex: They're t
(Beeping)
Alex: They're tur
Alex: They're turni
(Beeping)
Alex: They're turning
Alex: They're turning.
Wh
Wher
Alex: They're turning.
Where
Where di
Alex: They're turning.
Where did
Where did th
Alex: They're turning.
Where did this
Where did this t
Alex: They're turning.
Where did this tra
Where did this track
Alex: They're turning.
Where did this track c
Where did this track com
Alex: They're turning.
Where did this track come
Where did this track come fr
Alex: They're turning.
Where did this track come from
Where did this track come from?
N
New
Where did this track come from?
New t
New tra
Where did this track come from?
New track
New track?
Au
Audr
New track?
Audrey
Audrey,
New track?
Audrey, sh
Audrey, she
New track?
Audrey, she sa
Audrey, she said
New track?
Audrey, she said t
Audrey, she said tha
New track?
Audrey, she said that
Audrey, she said that th
New track?
Audrey, she said that they
Audrey, she said that they m
New track?
Audrey, she said that they mad
Audrey, she said that they made
st
stop
Audrey, she said that they made
stops
stops so
Audrey, she said that they made
stops some
stops somewh
Audrey, she said that they made
stops somewher
stops somewhere.
I
I d
stops somewhere.
I don
I don't
stops somewhere.
I don't k
I don't kno
stops somewhere.
I don't know
I don't know ab
stops somewhere.
I don't know abou
I don't know about
stops somewhere.
I don't know about th
I don't know about this
stops somewhere.
I don't know about this o
I don't know about this one
stops somewhere.
I don't know about this one,
Ru
Ruth
I don't know about this one,
Ruth.
Th
This
Ruth.
This i
This is
Ruth.
This is a
This is a ba
Ruth.
This is a bad
This is a bad id
Ruth.
This is a bad idea
This is a bad idea.
I
I d
This is a bad idea.
I don
I don't
This is a bad idea.
I don't t
I don't thi
This is a bad idea.
I don't think
I don't think w
This is a bad idea.
I don't think we
I don't think we ha
This is a bad idea.
I don't think we have
I don't think we have m
This is a bad idea.
I don't think we have muc
I don't think we have much
ch
choi
I don't think we have much
choice
choice a
I don't think we have much
choice at
choice at th
I don't think we have much
choice at this
choice at this p
I don't think we have much
choice at this poi
choice at this point
I don't think we have much
choice at this point,
choice at this point, do
I don't think we have much
choice at this point, do y
choice at this point, do you
I don't think we have much
choice at this point, do you?
♪
In
Into
Into t
Into the
Into the b
Into the bel
Into the belly
Into the belly o
Into the belly of
Into the belly of th
Into the belly of the
Into the belly of the be
Into the belly of the beas
Into the belly of the beast
we
we g
Into the belly of the beast
we go.
♪
(Door whirrs)
A
Ah,
Ah, M
Ah, Ms.
Ah, Ms. W
Ah, Ms. Wel
Ah, Ms. Wells
Ah, Ms. Wellste
Ah, Ms. Wellstead
Ah, Ms. Wellstead.
I'
I'm
Ah, Ms. Wellstead.
I'm so
I'm so g
Ah, Ms. Wellstead.
I'm so gla
I'm so glad
Ah, Ms. Wellstead.
I'm so glad we
I'm so glad we c
Ah, Ms. Wellstead.
I'm so glad we can
I'm so glad we can f
Ah, Ms. Wellstead.
I'm so glad we can fin
I'm so glad we can final
Ah, Ms. Wellstead.
I'm so glad we can finally
I'm so glad we can finally m
Ah, Ms. Wellstead.
I'm so glad we can finally mee
I'm so glad we can finally meet
in
in p
I'm so glad we can finally meet
in per
in perso
I'm so glad we can finally meet
in person.
I'
I'd
in person.
I'd ho
I'd hope
in person.
I'd hoped
I'd hoped to
in person.
I'd hoped to s
I'd hoped to spe
in person.
I'd hoped to speak
I'd hoped to speak t
in person.
I'd hoped to speak to
I'd hoped to speak to La
in person.
I'd hoped to speak to Layt
I'd hoped to speak to Layton
di
dire
I'd hoped to speak to Layton
direct
directly
I'd hoped to speak to Layton
directly,
directly, bu
I'd hoped to speak to Layton
directly, but
directly, but th
I'd hoped to speak to Layton
directly, but the
directly, but the ma
I'd hoped to speak to Layton
directly, but the man
directly, but the man re
I'd hoped to speak to Layton
directly, but the man rema
directly, but the man remain
I'd hoped to speak to Layton
directly, but the man remains
un
unco
directly, but the man remains
uncoop
uncooper
directly, but the man remains
uncooperat
uncooperativ
directly, but the man remains
uncooperative.
Ma
Mayb
uncooperative.
Maybe
Maybe yo
uncooperative.
Maybe you
Maybe you co
uncooperative.
Maybe you coul
Maybe you could
uncooperative.
Maybe you could he
Maybe you could help
uncooperative.
Maybe you could help u
Maybe you could help us
uncooperative.
Maybe you could help us ou
Maybe you could help us out.
I
I w
Maybe you could help us out.
I wou
I would
Maybe you could help us out.
I wouldn'
I wouldn't
Maybe you could help us out.
I wouldn't co
I wouldn't coun
Maybe you could help us out.
I wouldn't count
I wouldn't count on
Maybe you could help us out.
I wouldn't count on t
I wouldn't count on tha
Maybe you could help us out.
I wouldn't count on that.
T
The
I wouldn't count on that.
The t
The tru
I wouldn't count on that.
The truth
The truth i
I wouldn't count on that.
The truth is,
The truth is, I
I wouldn't count on that.
The truth is, I d
The truth is, I don
I wouldn't count on that.
The truth is, I don't
The truth is, I don't h
I wouldn't count on that.
The truth is, I don't hav
The truth is, I don't have
La
Layt
The truth is, I don't have
Layton
Layton's
The truth is, I don't have
Layton's d
Layton's dau
The truth is, I don't have
Layton's daugh
Layton's daughte
The truth is, I don't have
Layton's daughter.
I
I ca
Layton's daughter.
I can,
I can, h
Layton's daughter.
I can, how
I can, howev
Layton's daughter.
I can, however
I can, however,
Layton's daughter.
I can, however, ta
I can, however, take
Layton's daughter.
I can, however, take y
I can, however, take you
Layton's daughter.
I can, however, take you t
I can, however, take you to
Layton's daughter.
I can, however, take you to he
I can, however, take you to her.
Th
The
I can, however, take you to her.
The te
The term
I can, however, take you to her.
The terms
The terms ar
I can, however, take you to her.
The terms are
The terms are si
I can, however, take you to her.
The terms are simp
The terms are simple
I can, however, take you to her.
The terms are simple.
Le
Let'
The terms are simple.
Let's
Let's tr
The terms are simple.
Let's trad
Let's trade.
Li
Lian
Let's trade.
Liana
Liana fo
Let's trade.
Liana for
Liana for Bi
Let's trade.
Liana for Big
Liana for Big Al
Let's trade.
Liana for Big Alic
Liana for Big Alice.
♪
J
Jud
Judgi
Judging
Judging b
Judging by
Judging by th
Judging by the
Judging by the fr
Judging by the fros
Judging by the frost
Judging by the frost bu
Judging by the frost burn
Judging by the frost burn,
th
this
Judging by the frost burn,
this t
this thi
Judging by the frost burn,
this thing
this thing w
Judging by the frost burn,
this thing was
this thing was f
Judging by the frost burn,
this thing was fro
this thing was froze
Judging by the frost burn,
this thing was frozen
this thing was frozen re
Judging by the frost burn,
this thing was frozen rece
this thing was frozen recent
Judging by the frost burn,
this thing was frozen recently
this thing was frozen recently.
An
And
this thing was frozen recently.
And ba
And base
this thing was frozen recently.
And based
And based of
this thing was frozen recently.
And based off
And based off th
this thing was frozen recently.
And based off the
And based off the fr
this thing was frozen recently.
And based off the frac
And based off the fractu
this thing was frozen recently.
And based off the fracture
And based off the fracture,
this thing was frozen recently.
And based off the fracture, it
wa
was
And based off the fracture, it
was ri
was ripp
And based off the fracture, it
was ripped
was ripped r
And based off the fracture, it
was ripped rig
was ripped right
And based off the fracture, it
was ripped right o
was ripped right off
And based off the fracture, it
was ripped right off t
was ripped right off the
And based off the fracture, it
was ripped right off the a
was ripped right off the arm
And based off the fracture, it
was ripped right off the arm.
J
Jav
was ripped right off the arm.
Javi:
Javi: Y
was ripped right off the arm.
Javi: You
Javi: You g
was ripped right off the arm.
Javi: You got
Javi: You got a
was ripped right off the arm.
Javi: You got all
Javi: You got all t
was ripped right off the arm.
Javi: You got all tha
Javi: You got all that
was ripped right off the arm.
Javi: You got all that ju
Javi: You got all that just
by
by l
Javi: You got all that just
by loo
by looki
Javi: You got all that just
by looking
by looking a
Javi: You got all that just
by looking at
by looking at it
Javi: You got all that just
by looking at it?
I
I s
by looking at it?
I spe
I spent
by looking at it?
I spent s
I spent sev
by looking at it?
I spent seven
I spent seven y
by looking at it?
I spent seven yea
I spent seven years
by looking at it?
I spent seven years o
I spent seven years on
by looking at it?
I spent seven years on a
tr
trai
I spent seven years on a
train
train wi
I spent seven years on a
train with
train with W
I spent seven years on a
train with Wil
train with Wilfo
I spent seven years on a
train with Wilford
train with Wilford.
Th
This
train with Wilford.
This i
This isn
train with Wilford.
This isn't
This isn't m
train with Wilford.
This isn't my
This isn't my fi
train with Wilford.
This isn't my firs
This isn't my first
train with Wilford.
This isn't my first di
This isn't my first dism
train with Wilford.
This isn't my first dismem
This isn't my first dismembe
train with Wilford.
This isn't my first dismembere
This isn't my first dismembered
li
limb
This isn't my first dismembered
limb.
O
Oka
limb.
Okay.
Okay...
♪
Ho
Hold
Hold o
Hold on.
(T
(Too
Hold on.
(Tools
(Tools c
Hold on.
(Tools cli
(Tools clink
Hold on.
(Tools clinkin
(Tools clinking)
Yo
You
(Tools clinking)
You mi
You mind
(Tools clinking)
You mind..
You mind...?
Y
Yea
You mind...?
Yeah.
T
Tha
Yeah.
Thank
Thank y
Yeah.
Thank you
Thank you.
♪
(S
(Sig
(Sighs
(Sighs)
S
Syk
(Sighs)
Sykes
Sykes:
(Sighs)
Sykes: Ah
Sykes: Ah.
Ho
How
Sykes: Ah.
How di
How did
Sykes: Ah.
How did yo
How did you
Sykes: Ah.
How did you kn
How did you know
Sykes: Ah.
How did you know t
How did you know tha
Sykes: Ah.
How did you know that
How did you know that wa
Sykes: Ah.
How did you know that was
in
in t
How did you know that was
in the
in there
How did you know that was
in there?
'
'Ca
in there?
'Caus
'Cause
in there?
'Cause I
'Cause I ha
in there?
'Cause I had
'Cause I had on
in there?
'Cause I had one
'Cause I had one im
in there?
'Cause I had one impl
'Cause I had one implan
in there?
'Cause I had one implante
'Cause I had one implanted
in
in m
'Cause I had one implanted
in my
in my ha
'Cause I had one implanted
in my hand
in my hand,
'Cause I had one implanted
in my hand, to
in my hand, too,
'Cause I had one implanted
in my hand, too, t
in my hand, too, to
'Cause I had one implanted
in my hand, too, to op
in my hand, too, to open
'Cause I had one implanted
in my hand, too, to open d
in my hand, too, to open doo
'Cause I had one implanted
in my hand, too, to open doors
on
on S
in my hand, too, to open doors
on Sno
on Snowp
in my hand, too, to open doors
on Snowpie
on Snowpierc
in my hand, too, to open doors
on Snowpiercer
on Snowpiercer.
Th
This
on Snowpiercer.
This h
This han
on Snowpiercer.
This hand
This hand di
on Snowpiercer.
This hand didn
This hand didn't
on Snowpiercer.
This hand didn't b
This hand didn't bel
on Snowpiercer.
This hand didn't belon
This hand didn't belong
on Snowpiercer.
This hand didn't belong to
This hand didn't belong to a
on Snowpiercer.
This hand didn't belong to an
ou
outs
This hand didn't belong to an
outsid
outsider
This hand didn't belong to an
outsider.
It
It's
outsider.
It's f
It's fro
outsider.
It's from
It's from on
outsider.
It's from one
It's from one of
outsider.
It's from one of u
It's from one of us.
W
Whe
It's from one of us.
Where
Where's
It's from one of us.
Where's R
Where's Roc
It's from one of us.
Where's Roche
Where's Roche?
R
Roc
Where's Roche?
Roche
Roche:
Where's Roche?
Roche: Be
Roche: Bet
Where's Roche?
Roche: Bet yo
Roche: Bet you'
Where's Roche?
Roche: Bet you're
Roche: Bet you're w
Where's Roche?
Roche: Bet you're wis
Roche: Bet you're wishi
Where's Roche?
Roche: Bet you're wishing
Roche: Bet you're wishing y
Where's Roche?
Roche: Bet you're wishing you
st
stay
Roche: Bet you're wishing you
stayed
stayed i
Roche: Bet you're wishing you
stayed in
stayed in yo
Roche: Bet you're wishing you
stayed in your
stayed in your t
Roche: Bet you're wishing you
stayed in your ten
stayed in your tent
Roche: Bet you're wishing you
stayed in your tent no
stayed in your tent now,
Roche: Bet you're wishing you
stayed in your tent now, h
stayed in your tent now, huh
Roche: Bet you're wishing you
stayed in your tent now, huh?
O
Oz:
stayed in your tent now, huh?
Oz: N
Oz: No,
stayed in your tent now, huh?
Oz: No, I
Oz: No, I n
stayed in your tent now, huh?
Oz: No, I nee
Oz: No, I neede
stayed in your tent now, huh?
Oz: No, I needed
Oz: No, I needed th
stayed in your tent now, huh?
Oz: No, I needed this
Oz: No, I needed this.
Th
Than
Oz: No, I needed this.
Thank
Thank yo
Oz: No, I needed this.
Thank you.
Th
That
Thank you.
That m
That mea
Thank you.
That means
That means a
Thank you.
That means a l
That means a lot
Thank you.
That means a lot,
That means a lot, yo
Thank you.
That means a lot, you
That means a lot, you st
Thank you.
That means a lot, you stic
That means a lot, you sticki
Thank you.
That means a lot, you sticking
up
up f
That means a lot, you sticking
up for
up for m
That means a lot, you sticking
up for me.
I
I'm
up for me.
I'm l
I'm lov
up for me.
I'm lovin
I'm loving
up for me.
I'm loving th
I'm loving the
up for me.
I'm loving the gr
I'm loving the grat
up for me.
I'm loving the gratit
I'm loving the gratitud
up for me.
I'm loving the gratitude,
bu
but
I'm loving the gratitude,
but ar
but are
I'm loving the gratitude,
but are we
but are we t
I'm loving the gratitude,
but are we the
but are we there
I'm loving the gratitude,
but are we there y
but are we there yet
I'm loving the gratitude,
but are we there yet?
A
Alm
but are we there yet?
Almos
Almost!
Th
Thin
Almost!
Think
Think I
Almost!
Think I fo
Think I foun
Almost!
Think I found
Think I found it
Almost!
Think I found it a
Think I found it aro
Almost!
Think I found it aroun
Think I found it around
Almost!
Think I found it around he
Think I found it around here
Almost!
Think I found it around here.
(W
(Win
Think I found it around here.
(Wind
(Wind gu
Think I found it around here.
(Wind gust
(Wind gustin
Think I found it around here.
(Wind gusting)
♪
(F
(Fai
(Faint
(Faint w
(Faint wom
(Faint woman
(Faint woman's
(Faint woman's v
(Faint woman's voi
(Faint woman's voice
(Faint woman's voice)
I
I c
(Faint woman's voice)
I can
I can h
(Faint woman's voice)
I can hea
I can hear
(Faint woman's voice)
I can hear he
I can hear her.
Wh
Wher
I can hear her.
Where
Where ar
I can hear her.
Where are
Where are yo
I can hear her.
Where are you?
Wh
Wher
Where are you?
Where
Where ar
Where are you?
Where are
Where are yo
Where are you?
♪
(F
(Fai
♪
(Faint
(Faint v
♪
(Faint voi
(Faint voice
♪
(Faint voice)
R
Roc
(Faint voice)
Roche
Roche:
(Faint voice)
Roche: He
Roche: Hey
(Faint voice)
Roche: Hey Oz
Roche: Hey Oz,
(Faint voice)
Roche: Hey Oz, di
Roche: Hey Oz, did
(Faint voice)
Roche: Hey Oz, did yo
Roche: Hey Oz, did you
se
see
Roche: Hey Oz, did you
see th
see that
Roche: Hey Oz, did you
see that?
♪
(O
(Oz
(Oz mu
(Oz murm
(Oz murmur
(Oz murmurs)
V
Voi
(Oz murmurs)
Voice
Voice:
(Oz murmurs)
Voice: Ca
Voice: Can
(Oz murmurs)
Voice: Can yo
Voice: Can you
(Oz murmurs)
Voice: Can you gu
Voice: Can you guys
(Oz murmurs)
Voice: Can you guys h
Voice: Can you guys hea
(Oz murmurs)
Voice: Can you guys hear
Voice: Can you guys hear me
(Oz murmurs)
Voice: Can you guys hear me?
I
I c
Voice: Can you guys hear me?
I can
I can h
Voice: Can you guys hear me?
I can hea
I can hear
Voice: Can you guys hear me?
I can hear he
I can hear her.
I
I ca
I can hear her.
I can
I can he
I can hear her.
I can hear
I can hear h
I can hear her.
I can hear her
Ca
I can hear her.
Can
Can yo
I can hear her.
Can you
Can you he
I can hear her.
Can you hear
Can you hear m
I can hear her.
Can you hear me?
Wh
Wher
Can you hear me?
Wherev
Wherever
Can you hear me?
Wherever y
Wherever you
Can you hear me?
Wherever you a
Wherever you are
Can you hear me?
Wherever you are,
Wherever you are, co
Can you hear me?
Wherever you are, come
Wherever you are, come c
Can you hear me?
Wherever you are, come clo
Wherever you are, come close
Can you hear me?
Wherever you are, come closer!
♪
Roche!
Ro
Roch
Roche!
Ro
Roch
Roche!
Roche! R
Roche! Roc
Roche!
Roche! Roche
Roche! Roche!
♪
Roche!
(Distant shouting)
♪
(D
(Dra
(Drama
(Dramati
(Dramatic
(Dramatic su
(Dramatic susp
(Dramatic suspen
(Dramatic suspense
(Dramatic suspensefu
(Dramatic suspenseful
(Dramatic suspenseful mu
(Dramatic suspenseful musi
(Dramatic suspenseful music)
♪
(Synth tones)